content/w/apollo-anderson.md, before:

+++
title = "Apollo Anderson"
template = "talent_page.html"
authors = ["Sewi The Referee"]
[extra]
toclevel = 2
[taxonomies]
country = ["PL"]
+++

Apollo Anderson, also known as The Wolf, is a Polish wrestler best known for his appearances for [Maniac Zone Wrestling](@/o/mzw.md).

## Basic info

* Years active: 2017-2019, 2025-present
* Gimmicks/nicknames:
  - Apollo Anderson {{ org_badge(orgs=['mzw']) }} (2017-2019)
  - The Wolf {{ org_badge(orgs=['mzw']) }} (2025-)
* Trained by:
  - [Polska Akademia Wrestlingu](@/o/paw.md) (2016-2019; 2024-)

## Professional wrestling career

### Maniac Zone Wrestling (2017-2019; 2025-present)

#### Apollo Anderson

Apollo Anderson made his debut for [Maniac Zone Wrestling](@/o/mzw.md) in December 2017 at [Freak Show](@/e/mzw/2017-12-02-mzw-freak-show.md), working with [Bartosz Borowsky](@/w/boro.md) in a Tag Team Match against [Matt Buckna](@/w/matt-buckna.md) and [Rick Baxxter](@/w/rick-baxxter.md). He also fought in a Ten-Man Battle Royal Match at the same show. From the start he distinguished himself from other wrestlers thanks to his agility and musculature.

During the "Project Era" he started a Tag Team called "Wataha", in which he teamed up with [Justin Joy](@/w/justin-joy.md). At [Project 1](@/e/mzw/2018-10-13-mzw-project-1-new-beginning.md) they won the [MZW Tag Team Championships](@/c/mzw-tag-team-championship.md) from Catch Connection ([Alexander Reich](@/w/alex-ace.md) and [Ronny Kessler](@/w/ronny-kessler.md)). As champions, they never defended their title as the atmosphere in their team quickly began to sour.
Wataha officially broke up at [Project 4](@/e/mzw/2019-03-23-mzw-project-4-open-your-eyes.md) with Apollo turning heel on Justin. Soon after [Jędruś Bułecka](@/w/jedrus-bulecka.md), acting as the authority figure, stripped Apollo of his Tag Team Championship, retiring the title. Apollo's last match took place at [Project 5](@/e/mzw/2019-06-01-mzw-project-5-hero.md), where he defeated [Dynamite Dave](@/w/dynamite-dave.md). Soon after that show, Apollo's career went on hiatus due to personal reasons.

#### Return as The Wolf

Apollo made his re-debut as "The Wolf" at [MZW Forever](@/e/mzw/2025-03-29-mzw-forever.md), where he lost to [Marcelito](@/w/marcelito.md).

## In wrestling

* Finishers:
  - Springboard 450 Splash (2017-2019)
* Tag Teams and stables:
  - Wataha (2018-2019)
* Entrance music:
  - "Wataha" by Męskie Granie Orkiestra
    {{ org_badge(orgs=['mzw']) }} (2018-2019, in tag team with [Justin Joy](@/w/justin-joy.md)) <br>
    {{ music(yt='7WAFLz9xT3U')}}
    {{ music(spot='6ZvBEifHQkFG4P8sthpGYZ')}}
    {{ music(apple='1699411962?i=1699412396')}}

## Championships and accomplishments

* [Maniac Zone Wrestling](@/o/mzw.md):
  - [MZW Tag Team Championship](@/c/mzw-tag-team-championship.md) (1 time; final) - with [Justin Joy](@/w/justin-joy.md)

## References

* [Cagematch profile page](https://www.cagematch.net/?id=2&nr=24667)

Commit message:

Febus vs Gustav vs Speed

content/w/apollo-anderson.md, after:

+++
title = "Apollo Anderson"
template = "talent_page.html"
authors = ["Sewi The Referee"]
[extra]
toclevel = 2
[taxonomies]
country = ["PL"]
+++

Apollo Anderson, also known as The Wolf or Febus 'The Wolf', is a Polish wrestler best known for his appearances for [Maniac Zone Wrestling](@/o/mzw.md).

## Basic info

* Years active: 2017-2019, 2025-present
* Gimmicks/nicknames:
  - Apollo Anderson {{ org_badge(orgs=['mzw']) }} (2017-2019)
  - The Wolf {{ org_badge(orgs=['mzw']) }} (2025)
  - Febus 'The Wolf' {{ org_badge(orgs=['mzw']) }} (2025-)
* Trained by:
  - [Polska Akademia Wrestlingu](@/o/paw.md) (2016-2019; 2024-)

## Professional wrestling career

### Maniac Zone Wrestling (2017-2019; 2025-present)

#### Apollo Anderson

Apollo Anderson made his debut for [Maniac Zone Wrestling](@/o/mzw.md) in December 2017 at [Freak Show](@/e/mzw/2017-12-02-mzw-freak-show.md), working with [Bartosz Borowsky](@/w/boro.md) in a Tag Team Match against [Matt Buckna](@/w/matt-buckna.md) and [Rick Baxxter](@/w/rick-baxxter.md). He also fought in a Ten-Man Battle Royal Match at the same show. From the start he distinguished himself from other wrestlers thanks to his agility and musculature.

During the "Project Era" he started a Tag Team called "Wataha", in which he teamed up with [Justin Joy](@/w/justin-joy.md). At [Project 1](@/e/mzw/2018-10-13-mzw-project-1-new-beginning.md) they won the [MZW Tag Team Championships](@/c/mzw-tag-team-championship.md) from Catch Connection ([Alexander Reich](@/w/alex-ace.md) and [Ronny Kessler](@/w/ronny-kessler.md)). As champions, they never defended their title as the atmosphere in their team quickly began to sour.
Wataha officially broke up at [Project 4](@/e/mzw/2019-03-23-mzw-project-4-open-your-eyes.md) with Apollo turning heel on Justin. Soon after [Jędruś Bułecka](@/w/jedrus-bulecka.md), acting as the authority figure, stripped Apollo of his Tag Team Championship, retiring the title. Apollo's last match took place at [Project 5](@/e/mzw/2019-06-01-mzw-project-5-hero.md), where he defeated [Dynamite Dave](@/w/dynamite-dave.md). Soon after that show, Apollo's career went on hiatus due to personal reasons.

#### Return as The Wolf

Apollo made his re-debut as "The Wolf" at [MZW Forever](@/e/mzw/2025-03-29-mzw-forever.md), where he lost to [Marcelito](@/w/marcelito.md). Starting with [MZW Green Madness](@/e/mzw/2025-06-28-mzw-green-madness.md), he started going by Febus 'The Wolf'.

## In wrestling

* Finishers:
  - Springboard 450 Splash (2017-2019)
* Tag Teams and stables:
  - Wataha (2018-2019)
* Entrance music:
  - "Wataha" by Męskie Granie Orkiestra
    {{ org_badge(orgs=['mzw']) }} (2018-2019, in tag team with [Justin Joy](@/w/justin-joy.md)) <br>
    {{ music(yt='7WAFLz9xT3U')}}
    {{ music(spot='6ZvBEifHQkFG4P8sthpGYZ')}}
    {{ music(apple='1699411962?i=1699412396')}}

## Championships and accomplishments

* [Maniac Zone Wrestling](@/o/mzw.md):
  - [MZW Tag Team Championship](@/c/mzw-tag-team-championship.md) (1 time; final) - with [Justin Joy](@/w/justin-joy.md)

## References

* [Cagematch profile page](https://www.cagematch.net/?id=2&nr=24667)
