content/w/axel-fox.md, before:

+++
title = "Axel Fox"
template = "talent_page.html"
authors = ["Sewi The Referee"]
[extra]
toclevel = 2
[taxonomies]
country = ["PL"]
[extra.gallery.1]
path = "fox-is-ewenement.webp"
caption = "Facebook graphic confirming that Axel Fox has joined PpW"
source = "Facebook @OficjalnePPW"
+++

Axel Fox is a Polish wrestler best known for his time in [PpW Ewenement](@/o/ppw.md), [Prime Time Wrestling](@/o/ptw.md) and [Legacy of Wrestling](@/o/low.md). He also worked matches for [Maniac Zone Wrestling](@/o/mzw.md) and [Dream Factory Wrestling](@/o/dfw.md).

## Basic info

* Years active: 2017-present
* Nicknames:
  - "Polski Lis" (_Polish Fox_) Axel Fox {{ org_badge(orgs=['mzw', 'ptw', 'ppw', 'low']) }}
  - Amisz (_Amish_) {{ org_badge(orgs=['dfw', 'mzw']) }}
  - Jakub {{ org_badge(orgs=['ppw']) }}
  * Trained by:
  - [Polska Akademia Wrestlingu](@/o/paw.md) (2017-2020)
  - [PTW Academy](@/o/ptw-academy.md) (2021-2024)
  - [Ewenement Dojo](@/o/ewenement-dojo.md) (2024-)

## Professional wrestling career

### Pro wrestling content creator (pre-2017)

Appearing simply as "Amisz" (_Amish_; his forum nickname) or under his real name Kuba (a diminutive of _Jacob_), he began his wrestling-related activies as a journalist, writing articles and discussing the indy wrestling scene abroad.
He also ran his own YouTube channel called "KGWrestlingPodcast", where he also covered similar topics (most notably Pro Wrestling Guerilla).

### Dream Factory Wrestling (2017)

In early 2017 he was involved in the "What Is Wrestling" YouTube channel, along with Mikita "Seth Donner" Varanovich, and later PTW commentator Piotr "ShowOff" Małecki.
During that time, the WiW team was involved in a storyline with [Dream Factory Wrestling](@/o/dfw.md), which concluded in Amisz's first pro wrestling match at [Recent Dreams](@/e/dfw/2017-04-23-dfw-recent-dreams.md) where he faced [PJ Blake](@/w/pj-blake.md).

### Maniac Zone Wrestling (2018-2020)

#### Training and debut 

Some time after his appearance in DFW, Amisz started regular pro wrestling training at the [Maniac Zone Wrestling](@/o/mzw.md) academy in Głuchołazy. In his proper first match for MZW, he was against [Hexia](@/w/hexia.md) and [Mr B.](@/w/mr-b.md) in a squash match at [MZW Freak Show](@/e/mzw/2017-12-02-mzw-freak-show.md). Amisz continued his training under [Justin Joy](@/w/justin-joy.md), [Shadow](@/w/shadow.md) and [Asmund](@/w/asmund.md). At [Project 1](@/e/mzw/2018-10-13-mzw-project-1-new-beginning.md) he debuted his new "Axel Fox" gimmick.

#### Becoming Axel Fox

Amisz, now renamed and repackaged as "Axel Fox", quickly became one of MZW's most regular wrestlers, appearing on every show since the organization moved permanently to Wrocław. Since late 2018-early 2019 he was one of the founding members of ["Zieloni"](@/tt/zieloni.md) (_The Greens_) social group, which later evolved into a backstage group active on the Polish pro wrestling scene.

His final appearance for MZW was at [MZW Project 7: Golden Road](@/e/mzw/2020-01-18-mzw-project-7-golden-road.md).
Axel left MZW in early 2021, having not appeared at the tapings for [Project Basement](@/e/project-basement.md).

### Prime Time Wrestling (2021-2024)

#### Debut and storyline with Justin Joy

In early to mid 2021, along with some other "Greens", he joined [Prime Time Wrestling](@/o/ptw.md), becoming one of the most prominent babyfaces and workhorses of the organization, appearing at almost every show produced by the companyy.
His most notable storyline was the one involving [Justin Joy](@/w/justin-joy.md), his mentor and friend turned rival.
This was one of the most important feuds in PTW's golden era (between [Blackout](@/e/ptw/2022-02-19-ptw-2-blackout.md) and [Legends](@/e/ptw/2022-11-26-ptw-3-legends.md)), which culminated in one of the top rated matches on the Polish scene at the latter show.
After that match, he formed a tag team with now-babyface Justin, to participate at the PTW Tag Team Championship Tournament, as "FoxJoy". The team made it to [semi-finals](@/e/ptw/2023-02-26-ptw-underground-12.md) where they lost to Pure Gold ([Vic Golden](@/w/vic-golden.md) and [Gabriel Queen](@/w/gabriel-queen.md)).
The team was dissolved soon after the tournament, as Joy has left PTW later that year.

At that time also became a part-time coach, training others at the PTW Performance Center.

#### Championships pursuits

In early 2024, Axel Fox was involved as one of the contenders at the [Gold Rush](@/e/ptw/2024-02-03-ptw-5-gold-rush.md) Royal Rumble match, where he was one of the final two competitors with [Puncher](@/w/puncher.md), the final winner. Later on he was trying to win [PTW Tag Team Championship](@/c/ptw-tag-team-championship.md) from Budapest Bastards while teaming with [Marcelito](@/w/marcelito.md). It was unsucessful, same as his title fight against Marcelito and Scotty Rawk for British Wrestling Revolution Championship. After the end of the fight Axel teased a possible heelturn or at least rivarly with Marcelito, but due to his departure from PTW it led to nothing.

Axel was one of the few wrestlers who kept his [PTW exit](@/a/ptw-exits.md) to himself. His departure was however confirmed by [Arkadiusz Pawłowski](@/w/pan-pawlowski.md) on one of his livestreams.

### PpW Ewenement (2024-present)

#### GobLis and facing Zmowa

During [Ale Grzeje](@/e/ppw/2024-07-13-ppw-ale-grzeje.md) in July 2024, Fox made his PpW debut as the surprise tag team partner of [Goblin](@/w/goblin.md), who was booked for a match against Legia Łysych ([Olgierd](@/w/olgierd.md) and [Marco Hammers](@/w/marco-hammers.md)).
Fans quickly named this new tag team of Goblin and Axel ["Goblis"](@/tt/goblis.md) (a portmanteau of "Goblin" and "Lis").
The new team was however defeated, after an intervention by [Mister Z](@/w/mister-z.md).
Axel quickly joined the "Zmowa Przeciwko Zmowie" faction led by [Biesiad](@/w/biesiad.md) in their conflict with ["Zmowa"](@/tt/zmowa.md).
During this period, Axel developed a personal rivalry against Mister Z, who frequently avoided direct confrontation, and viciously attacked him with a kendo stick.
At [Co za Noc](@/e/ppw/2024-10-26-ppw-co-za-noc.md) Zmowa was defeated in an Ustawka Match, but Axel continued his rivarly with PpW's producer.

Shortly after Ale Grzeje, PpW announced that Axel Fox would become a permanent coach in [Ewenement Dojo](@/o/ewenement-dojo.md), and that he's now a full-time member of their roster.

#### Feud with Mister Z

At [Hardcore Friday: Barszcz Z Krzesłami](@/e/ppw/2024-12-06-ppw-hardcore-friday-barszcz-z-krzeslami.md) Axel faced Mister Z in a Christmas Street Fight. While Fox was eager to get his revenge on the PpW producer for constant backstabbing attacks and avoiding direct confrontation, he was unable to defeat "The Real Deal" due to an intervention by Olgierd and Marco Hammers, and their assault on Axel's tag team partner, Goblin.

At the next show, [Gruba Przesada](@/e/ppw/2025-01-25-ppw-gruba-przesada.md), Mister Z offered Axel a chance to join him to achieve success, instead of allying himself with "losers" such as Goblin. Axel denied Z's offer, as he was joined by The Hardcores ([Biesiad](@/w/biesiad.md) and [Johnny Blade](@/w/johnny-blade.md)), who saved him from an unfair beatdown at the hands of Zmowa.

Before [Teraz Albo Nigdy](@/e/ppw/2025-03-15-ppw-teraz-albo-nigdy.md) Fox declared himself as one of the competitors in 20 Typa 20 Broni Rumble Match to gain an opportunity for a Title Match at [Ledwo Legalne 5](@/e/ppw/2025-06-07-ppw-ledwo-legalne-5.md). He managed to get into final two, but his rival turned out to be Goblin. Ultimately Fox was eliminated by his tag team partner and friend.

#### Feud with Olgierd

During a post-match interview following the 20 Typa 20 Broni Match, Axel was attacked by Olgierd who'd managed to score a victory over Goblin in a brutal Dog Collar Match earlier the same night.
Fox held a grudge against Goblin, victorious in the main event, not sure if he could trust his friend any more, but nevertheless they faced [Legia Łysych](@/tt/legia-lysych.md) once more in a Tornado Tag Team Match at [Ostatnia Prosta](@/e/ppw/2025-04-30-ppw-ostatnia-prosta.md).
Olgierd continued to torment the Polish Fox in different ways, such as coming into Ewenement Dojo to bully various rookies before Axel made a save, stating that he is not scared of bullies such as Olgierd, known to do the same back when they were both trainees in MZW.
This led to their match at [Ledwo Legalne 5](@/e/ppw/2025-06-07-ppw-ledwo-legalne-5.md), which ended with Olgierd once again standing tall over the defeated Fox.

#### Losing streak

After a defeat against Olgierd, Axel's frustration kept growing. During his post-match interviews he began to question his abilities.
He lost to [Vic Golden](@/w/vic-golden.md) at [Hardcore Friday Turniej TypeShit](@/e/ppw/2025-08-15-ppw-hardcore-friday-turniej-typeshit.md), and to Marco Hammers at [Mistrzowskie Rozdanie 2](@/e/ppw/2025-09-20-ppw-mistrzowskie-rozdanie-2.md).
Eventually, at [Surowy Klimat](@/e/ppw/2025-11-08-ppw-surowy-klimat.md) Fox betrayed [Goblin](@/w/goblin.md) by refusing to tag in and allowing [Olgierd](@/w/olgierd.md) to score a pin, after which he shook the hand offered by [Mister Z](@/w/mister-z.md) and joined [Zmowa](@/tt/zmowa.md).

#### Joining Zmowa

After his betrayal of Goblin and introduction into Mister Z's stable, Axel quickly became one of Zmowa's most valuable assets. He quickly got involved in a group effort to secure the [PpW Tag Team Championship](@/c/ppw-tag-team-championship.md) as the inaugural champions. During the Championship race he frequently teamed up with either Mister Z or [Marco Hammers](@/w/marco-hammers.md), especially when the other half of Legia Łysych - Olgierd - became the [PpW Champion](@/c/ppw-championship.md) and Marco needed a Tag Team partner.

### Legacy of Wrestling (2024-present)

On November 20th, 2024 [Legacy of Wrestling](@/o/low.md) announced that Axel Fox would replace [Wiktor Longman](@/w/wiktor-longman.md) in the main event of [their first show](@/e/low/2024-12-01-low-1.md).
During the match against the [PpW Champion](@/c/ppw-championship.md) [Gustav Gryffin](@/w/gustav-gryffin.md), Axel was initially declared the winner, but due to a rope break which went unnoticed by [Referee Seweryn](@/w/sedzia-seweryn.md) during the count, [Sinister](@/w/sinister.md) intervened with [Arkadiusz Paterek](@/w/arek-paterek.md) and Legacy's Mister Chairman, to immediately restart the match. This resulted in Fox's loss by technical submission, much to his despair.

#### Championship pursuit

At [Legacy of Wrestling vol.2](@/e/low/2025-04-06-low-2.md) Fox redeemed himself by winning against Gabriel Queen in a Road to the Tile Match, putting him in a contender position for the upcoming Legacy Championship. At [the next show](@/e/low/2025-07-11-low-3.md) he won a Singles Match against [Dieter Schwartz](@/w/dieter-schwartz.md). His long fight for his first title came to an end at [Legacy's fourth show](@/e/low/2025-12-20-low-4.md), when he won a Six-Way Elimination Match to become the inaugural [Legacy European Champion](@/c/low-european-championship.md).

## International wrestling career

In 2019 Fox made a couple of appearances on the German indy scene, in Next Step Wrestling and Unlimited Wrestling (who often cooperated with MZW at the time).

From around 2022 onwards Axel become one of the most active Polish pro wrestlers on the European indy scene, making regular appearances in Germany for wXw Academy, wXw itself, That's Awesome Wrestling and Project Nova; in Austria for Rings of Europe and the PTW-associated WWA; and in Hungary for HCW and Passion Pro Wrestling, as well as numerous other federations across Central Europe.

## In wrestling

* Finishers:
  - _Code Red_ (Sunset Flip Powerbomb) - (2021-2022); used as signature move thereafter
  - _Firefox DDT_ (Standing Shiranui) (2021-2024)
  - _Firefox Elbow Drop_ (Diving Elbow Drop) (2023-); adopted from [Justin Joy](@/w/justin-joy.md)
* Tag teams and stables:
  - FoxJoy (2023)
  - [GobLis](@/tt/goblis.md) (2024-2025)
  - [Zmowa](@/tt/zmowa.md) (2025-)
* Entrance music:
  - "Nowhere to Hide" by Chrobot
    {{ org_badge(orgs=['dfw']) }} (2017) <br>
    {{ music(yt='0tBeZUjmp6Y')}}
    {{ music(spot='69q1xbdp0MHTayxLvlRMdk')}}
    {{ music(apple='1472548615?i=1472548866')}}
  - "It's Raining Men" by The Weather Girls
    {{ org_badge(orgs=['mzw']) }} (2018) <br>
    {{ music(yt='l5aZJBLAu1E')}}
    {{ music(spot='2IvetNzSZMH5gwjInoyr18')}}
    {{ music(apple='273400100?i=273400238')}}
  - "Fox On The Run" by Sweet
    {{ org_badge(orgs=['mzw']) }} (2019-2020) <br>
    {{ music(yt='kRv7EjjwYBI')}}
    {{ music(spot='4uip0lLkMKl1nwchsdXs1r')}}
    {{ music(apple='1440629897?i=1440629905')}}
  - "Saturday Night's Alright for Fighting" by Elton John
    {{ org_badge(orgs=['ptw']) }} (2021-2023) <br>
    {{ music(yt='AhnZEmnuzgM')}}
    {{ music(spot='12yHvSYFXI7PGzNecUvIDu')}}
    {{ music(apple='1440863013?i=1440863140&l=pl')}}
  - "Crazy Like a Fox" by Independent Contractor
    {{ org_badge(orgs=['ptw', 'ppw', 'low']) }} (2023-2024) <br>
  - "Punk Tactics" by Joey Valence & Brae
    {{ org_badge(orgs=['ppw', 'low']) }} (2024-2025), both solo and as part of [GobLis](@/tt/goblis.md)) <br>
    {{ music(yt='OklSZmIx9-o')}} 
    {{ music(spot='2jQ1P0aGT4WkNyJCeoQnb9')}}
    {{ music(apple='1697553064?i=1697553067&l=pl')}}
  - "HUNDRED JOINTS" by Pharmacist & Cloudymane
    {{ org_badge(orgs=['ppw']) }} (2025-present, as part of [Zmowa](@/tt/zmowa.md)) <br>
    {{ music(yt='7cXmA6CiW-g')}}
    {{ music(spot='1PR9gXYxwjpAGYR6xXUpV7')}}
    {{ music(apple='1606979069?i=1606979070')}}
  - "Firestarter" by The Prodigy 
    {{ org_badge(orgs=['low', 'ppw']) }} (2025-present) <br>
    {{ music(yt='wmin5WkOuPw')}}
    {{ music(spot='79CUrU5o2KAVDTNm4x3eGU')}}
    {{ music(apple='1450123945?i=1450124083')}}

## Championships and accomplishments

* [Prime Time Wrestling](@/o/ptw.md):
  - [PTW Awards](@/a/ptw-awards.md) (4 times):
    * Hero of the Year (2022)
    * Match of the Year - vs Justin Joy at [PTW #3: Legends](@/e/ptw/2022-11-26-ptw-3-legends.md) (2022)
    * Moment of the Year - reunion with Justin Joy (2022)
    * Feud of the Year - vs Justin Joy (2022)
* [Legacy of Wrestling](@/o/low.md):
  - [Legacy of Wrestling European Championship](@/c/low-european-championship.md) (1 time, inaugural, current)
  - Road to the Title Tournament (2025)

## Internet presence

* [Axel's Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/axelfox.jakub)

## References

* [Cagematch profile page](https://www.cagematch.net/?id=2&nr=24550)
* [Video: First appearance at MZW](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h5cNADPzxUQ), then as a journalist for What is Wrestling, taking chops from [Stanisław Van Dobroniak](@/w/stanislaw-van-dobroniak.md) and [Asmund](@/w/asmund.md).
* [Video: What Is Wrestling vs PJ Blake](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=roRtTpXireo), promo for Amisz's first wrestling match
* [Old YouTube channel "KGWrestlingPodcast"](https://www.youtube.com/@amisz98), now with his name changed and all uploads hidden

Commit message:

Fox -> Jakub, but only in his article so far. The full change needs a separate PR.

content/w/axel-fox.md, after:

+++
title = "Axel Fox"
template = "talent_page.html"
authors = ["Sewi The Referee"]
[extra]
toclevel = 2
[taxonomies]
country = ["PL"]
[extra.gallery.1]
path = "fox-is-ewenement.webp"
caption = "Facebook graphic confirming that Axel Fox has joined PpW"
source = "Facebook @OficjalnePPW"
+++

Axel Fox is a Polish wrestler best known for his time in [PpW Ewenement](@/o/ppw.md), [Prime Time Wrestling](@/o/ptw.md) and [Legacy of Wrestling](@/o/low.md). He also worked matches for [Maniac Zone Wrestling](@/o/mzw.md) and [Dream Factory Wrestling](@/o/dfw.md).

## Basic info

* Years active: 2017-present
* Nicknames:
  - "Polski Lis" (_Polish Fox_) Axel Fox {{ org_badge(orgs=['mzw', 'ptw', 'ppw', 'low']) }}
  - Amisz (_Amish_) {{ org_badge(orgs=['dfw', 'mzw']) }}
  - Jakub {{ org_badge(orgs=['ppw']) }}
  * Trained by:
  - [Polska Akademia Wrestlingu](@/o/paw.md) (2017-2020)
  - [PTW Academy](@/o/ptw-academy.md) (2021-2024)
  - [Ewenement Dojo](@/o/ewenement-dojo.md) (2024-)

## Professional wrestling career

### Pro wrestling content creator (pre-2017)

Appearing simply as "Amisz" (_Amish_; his forum nickname) or under his real name Kuba (a diminutive of _Jacob_), he began his wrestling-related activies as a journalist, writing articles and discussing the indy wrestling scene abroad.
He also ran his own YouTube channel called "KGWrestlingPodcast", where he also covered similar topics (most notably Pro Wrestling Guerilla).

### Dream Factory Wrestling (2017)

In early 2017 he was involved in the "What Is Wrestling" YouTube channel, along with Mikita "Seth Donner" Varanovich, and later PTW commentator Piotr "ShowOff" Małecki.
During that time, the WiW team was involved in a storyline with [Dream Factory Wrestling](@/o/dfw.md), which concluded in Amisz's first pro wrestling match at [Recent Dreams](@/e/dfw/2017-04-23-dfw-recent-dreams.md) where he faced [PJ Blake](@/w/pj-blake.md).

### Maniac Zone Wrestling (2018-2020)

#### Training and debut 

Some time after his appearance in DFW, Amisz started regular pro wrestling training at the [Maniac Zone Wrestling](@/o/mzw.md) academy in Głuchołazy. In his proper first match for MZW, he was against [Hexia](@/w/hexia.md) and [Mr B.](@/w/mr-b.md) in a squash match at [MZW Freak Show](@/e/mzw/2017-12-02-mzw-freak-show.md). Amisz continued his training under [Justin Joy](@/w/justin-joy.md), [Shadow](@/w/shadow.md) and [Asmund](@/w/asmund.md). At [Project 1](@/e/mzw/2018-10-13-mzw-project-1-new-beginning.md) he debuted his new "Axel Fox" gimmick.

#### Becoming Axel Fox

Amisz, now renamed and repackaged as "Axel Fox", quickly became one of MZW's most regular wrestlers, appearing on every show since the organization moved permanently to Wrocław. Since late 2018-early 2019 he was one of the founding members of ["Zieloni"](@/tt/zieloni.md) (_The Greens_) social group, which later evolved into a backstage group active on the Polish pro wrestling scene.

His final appearance for MZW was at [MZW Project 7: Golden Road](@/e/mzw/2020-01-18-mzw-project-7-golden-road.md).
Axel left MZW in early 2021, having not appeared at the tapings for [Project Basement](@/e/project-basement.md).

### Prime Time Wrestling (2021-2024)

#### Debut and storyline with Justin Joy

In early to mid 2021, along with some other "Greens", he joined [Prime Time Wrestling](@/o/ptw.md), becoming one of the most prominent babyfaces and workhorses of the organization, appearing at almost every show produced by the companyy.
His most notable storyline was the one involving [Justin Joy](@/w/justin-joy.md), his mentor and friend turned rival.
This was one of the most important feuds in PTW's golden era (between [Blackout](@/e/ptw/2022-02-19-ptw-2-blackout.md) and [Legends](@/e/ptw/2022-11-26-ptw-3-legends.md)), which culminated in one of the top rated matches on the Polish scene at the latter show.
After that match, he formed a tag team with now-babyface Justin, to participate at the PTW Tag Team Championship Tournament, as "FoxJoy". The team made it to [semi-finals](@/e/ptw/2023-02-26-ptw-underground-12.md) where they lost to Pure Gold ([Vic Golden](@/w/vic-golden.md) and [Gabriel Queen](@/w/gabriel-queen.md)).
The team was dissolved soon after the tournament, as Joy has left PTW later that year.

At that time also became a part-time coach, training others at the PTW Performance Center.

#### Championships pursuits

In early 2024, Axel Fox was involved as one of the contenders at the [Gold Rush](@/e/ptw/2024-02-03-ptw-5-gold-rush.md) Royal Rumble match, where he was one of the final two competitors with [Puncher](@/w/puncher.md), the final winner. Later on he was trying to win [PTW Tag Team Championship](@/c/ptw-tag-team-championship.md) from Budapest Bastards while teaming with [Marcelito](@/w/marcelito.md). It was unsucessful, same as his title fight against Marcelito and Scotty Rawk for British Wrestling Revolution Championship. After the end of the fight Axel teased a possible heelturn or at least rivarly with Marcelito, but due to his departure from PTW it led to nothing.

Axel was one of the few wrestlers who kept his [PTW exit](@/a/ptw-exits.md) to himself. His departure was however confirmed by [Arkadiusz Pawłowski](@/w/pan-pawlowski.md) on one of his livestreams.

### PpW Ewenement (2024-present)

#### GobLis and facing Zmowa

During [Ale Grzeje](@/e/ppw/2024-07-13-ppw-ale-grzeje.md) in July 2024, Fox made his PpW debut as the surprise tag team partner of [Goblin](@/w/goblin.md), who was booked for a match against Legia Łysych ([Olgierd](@/w/olgierd.md) and [Marco Hammers](@/w/marco-hammers.md)).
Fans quickly named this new tag team of Goblin and Axel ["Goblis"](@/tt/goblis.md) (a portmanteau of "Goblin" and "Lis").
The new team was however defeated, after an intervention by [Mister Z](@/w/mister-z.md).
Axel quickly joined the "Zmowa Przeciwko Zmowie" faction led by [Biesiad](@/w/biesiad.md) in their conflict with ["Zmowa"](@/tt/zmowa.md).
During this period, Axel developed a personal rivalry against Mister Z, who frequently avoided direct confrontation, and viciously attacked him with a kendo stick.
At [Co za Noc](@/e/ppw/2024-10-26-ppw-co-za-noc.md) Zmowa was defeated in an Ustawka Match, but Axel continued his rivarly with PpW's producer.

Shortly after Ale Grzeje, PpW announced that Axel Fox would become a permanent coach in [Ewenement Dojo](@/o/ewenement-dojo.md), and that he's now a full-time member of their roster.

#### Feud with Mister Z

At [Hardcore Friday: Barszcz Z Krzesłami](@/e/ppw/2024-12-06-ppw-hardcore-friday-barszcz-z-krzeslami.md) Axel faced Mister Z in a Christmas Street Fight. While Fox was eager to get his revenge on the PpW producer for constant backstabbing attacks and avoiding direct confrontation, he was unable to defeat "The Real Deal" due to an intervention by Olgierd and Marco Hammers, and their assault on Axel's tag team partner, Goblin.

At the next show, [Gruba Przesada](@/e/ppw/2025-01-25-ppw-gruba-przesada.md), Mister Z offered Axel a chance to join him to achieve success, instead of allying himself with "losers" such as Goblin. Axel denied Z's offer, as he was joined by The Hardcores ([Biesiad](@/w/biesiad.md) and [Johnny Blade](@/w/johnny-blade.md)), who saved him from an unfair beatdown at the hands of Zmowa.

Before [Teraz Albo Nigdy](@/e/ppw/2025-03-15-ppw-teraz-albo-nigdy.md) Fox declared himself as one of the competitors in 20 Typa 20 Broni Rumble Match to gain an opportunity for a Title Match at [Ledwo Legalne 5](@/e/ppw/2025-06-07-ppw-ledwo-legalne-5.md). He managed to get into final two, but his rival turned out to be Goblin. Ultimately Fox was eliminated by his tag team partner and friend.

#### Feud with Olgierd

During a post-match interview following the 20 Typa 20 Broni Match, Axel was attacked by Olgierd who'd managed to score a victory over Goblin in a brutal Dog Collar Match earlier the same night.
Fox held a grudge against Goblin, victorious in the main event, not sure if he could trust his friend any more, but nevertheless they faced [Legia Łysych](@/tt/legia-lysych.md) once more in a Tornado Tag Team Match at [Ostatnia Prosta](@/e/ppw/2025-04-30-ppw-ostatnia-prosta.md).
Olgierd continued to torment the Polish Fox in different ways, such as coming into Ewenement Dojo to bully various rookies before Axel made a save, stating that he is not scared of bullies such as Olgierd, known to do the same back when they were both trainees in MZW.
This led to their match at [Ledwo Legalne 5](@/e/ppw/2025-06-07-ppw-ledwo-legalne-5.md), which ended with Olgierd once again standing tall over the defeated Fox.

#### Losing streak

After a defeat against Olgierd, Axel's frustration kept growing. During his post-match interviews he began to question his abilities.
He lost to [Vic Golden](@/w/vic-golden.md) at [Hardcore Friday Turniej TypeShit](@/e/ppw/2025-08-15-ppw-hardcore-friday-turniej-typeshit.md), and to Marco Hammers at [Mistrzowskie Rozdanie 2](@/e/ppw/2025-09-20-ppw-mistrzowskie-rozdanie-2.md).
Eventually, at [Surowy Klimat](@/e/ppw/2025-11-08-ppw-surowy-klimat.md) Fox betrayed [Goblin](@/w/goblin.md) by refusing to tag in and allowing [Olgierd](@/w/olgierd.md) to score a pin, after which he shook the hand offered by [Mister Z](@/w/mister-z.md) and joined [Zmowa](@/tt/zmowa.md).

#### Joining Zmowa and becoming Jakub

After his betrayal of Goblin and introduction into Mister Z's stable, Axel quickly became one of Zmowa's most valuable assets. He quickly got involved in a group effort to secure the [PpW Tag Team Championship](@/c/ppw-tag-team-championship.md) as the inaugural champions. During the Championship race he frequently teamed up with either Mister Z or [Marco Hammers](@/w/marco-hammers.md), especially when the other half of Legia Łysych - Olgierd - became the [PpW Champion](@/c/ppw-championship.md) and Marco needed a Tag Team partner.

At [Trzeba Być](@/e/ppw/2026-02-21-ppw-trzeba-byc.md), Fox cut a promo where he discarded his old persona of Axel Fox, and chose to be known as Jakub. This new character previously appeared only internationally, in Germany and Hungary, no longer wearing facepaint or fox-themed gear. Since turning heel in PpW, Jakub/Fox switched to the new gear, but kept the old name - until now.

### Legacy of Wrestling (2024-present)

On November 20th, 2024 [Legacy of Wrestling](@/o/low.md) announced that Axel Fox would replace [Wiktor Longman](@/w/wiktor-longman.md) in the main event of [their first show](@/e/low/2024-12-01-low-1.md).
During the match against the [PpW Champion](@/c/ppw-championship.md) [Gustav Gryffin](@/w/gustav-gryffin.md), Axel was initially declared the winner, but due to a rope break which went unnoticed by [Referee Seweryn](@/w/sedzia-seweryn.md) during the count, [Sinister](@/w/sinister.md) intervened with [Arkadiusz Paterek](@/w/arek-paterek.md) and Legacy's Mister Chairman, to immediately restart the match. This resulted in Fox's loss by technical submission, much to his despair.

#### Championship pursuit

At [Legacy of Wrestling vol.2](@/e/low/2025-04-06-low-2.md) Fox redeemed himself by winning against Gabriel Queen in a Road to the Tile Match, putting him in a contender position for the upcoming Legacy Championship. At [the next show](@/e/low/2025-07-11-low-3.md) he won a Singles Match against [Dieter Schwartz](@/w/dieter-schwartz.md). His long fight for his first title came to an end at [Legacy's fourth show](@/e/low/2025-12-20-low-4.md), when he won a Six-Way Elimination Match to become the inaugural [Legacy European Champion](@/c/low-european-championship.md).

## International wrestling career

In 2019 Fox made a couple of appearances on the German indy scene, in Next Step Wrestling and Unlimited Wrestling (who often cooperated with MZW at the time).

From around 2022 onwards Axel become one of the most active Polish pro wrestlers on the European indy scene, making regular appearances in Germany for wXw Academy, wXw itself, That's Awesome Wrestling and Project Nova; in Austria for Rings of Europe and the PTW-associated WWA; and in Hungary for HCW and Passion Pro Wrestling, as well as numerous other federations across Central Europe.

## In wrestling

* Finishers:
  - _Code Red_ (Sunset Flip Powerbomb) - (2021-2022); used as signature move thereafter
  - _Firefox DDT_ (Standing Shiranui) (2021-2024)
  - _Firefox Elbow Drop_ (Diving Elbow Drop) (2023-); adopted from [Justin Joy](@/w/justin-joy.md)
* Tag teams and stables:
  - FoxJoy (2023)
  - [GobLis](@/tt/goblis.md) (2024-2025)
  - [Zmowa](@/tt/zmowa.md) (2025-)
* Entrance music:
  - "Nowhere to Hide" by Chrobot
    {{ org_badge(orgs=['dfw']) }} (2017) <br>
    {{ music(yt='0tBeZUjmp6Y')}}
    {{ music(spot='69q1xbdp0MHTayxLvlRMdk')}}
    {{ music(apple='1472548615?i=1472548866')}}
  - "It's Raining Men" by The Weather Girls
    {{ org_badge(orgs=['mzw']) }} (2018) <br>
    {{ music(yt='l5aZJBLAu1E')}}
    {{ music(spot='2IvetNzSZMH5gwjInoyr18')}}
    {{ music(apple='273400100?i=273400238')}}
  - "Fox On The Run" by Sweet
    {{ org_badge(orgs=['mzw']) }} (2019-2020) <br>
    {{ music(yt='kRv7EjjwYBI')}}
    {{ music(spot='4uip0lLkMKl1nwchsdXs1r')}}
    {{ music(apple='1440629897?i=1440629905')}}
  - "Saturday Night's Alright for Fighting" by Elton John
    {{ org_badge(orgs=['ptw']) }} (2021-2023) <br>
    {{ music(yt='AhnZEmnuzgM')}}
    {{ music(spot='12yHvSYFXI7PGzNecUvIDu')}}
    {{ music(apple='1440863013?i=1440863140&l=pl')}}
  - "Crazy Like a Fox" by Independent Contractor
    {{ org_badge(orgs=['ptw', 'ppw', 'low']) }} (2023-2024) <br>
  - "Punk Tactics" by Joey Valence & Brae
    {{ org_badge(orgs=['ppw', 'low']) }} (2024-2025), both solo and as part of [GobLis](@/tt/goblis.md)) <br>
    {{ music(yt='OklSZmIx9-o')}} 
    {{ music(spot='2jQ1P0aGT4WkNyJCeoQnb9')}}
    {{ music(apple='1697553064?i=1697553067&l=pl')}}
  - "HUNDRED JOINTS" by Pharmacist & Cloudymane
    {{ org_badge(orgs=['ppw']) }} (2025-present, as part of [Zmowa](@/tt/zmowa.md)) <br>
    {{ music(yt='7cXmA6CiW-g')}}
    {{ music(spot='1PR9gXYxwjpAGYR6xXUpV7')}}
    {{ music(apple='1606979069?i=1606979070')}}
  - "Firestarter" by The Prodigy 
    {{ org_badge(orgs=['low', 'ppw']) }} (2025-present) <br>
    {{ music(yt='wmin5WkOuPw')}}
    {{ music(spot='79CUrU5o2KAVDTNm4x3eGU')}}
    {{ music(apple='1450123945?i=1450124083')}}

## Championships and accomplishments

* [Prime Time Wrestling](@/o/ptw.md):
  - [PTW Awards](@/a/ptw-awards.md) (4 times):
    * Hero of the Year (2022)
    * Match of the Year - vs Justin Joy at [PTW #3: Legends](@/e/ptw/2022-11-26-ptw-3-legends.md) (2022)
    * Moment of the Year - reunion with Justin Joy (2022)
    * Feud of the Year - vs Justin Joy (2022)
* [Legacy of Wrestling](@/o/low.md):
  - [Legacy of Wrestling European Championship](@/c/low-european-championship.md) (1 time, inaugural, current)
  - Road to the Title Tournament (2025)

## Internet presence

* [Axel's Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/axelfox.jakub)

## References

* [Cagematch profile page](https://www.cagematch.net/?id=2&nr=24550)
* [Video: First appearance at MZW](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h5cNADPzxUQ), then as a journalist for What is Wrestling, taking chops from [Stanisław Van Dobroniak](@/w/stanislaw-van-dobroniak.md) and [Asmund](@/w/asmund.md).
* [Video: What Is Wrestling vs PJ Blake](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=roRtTpXireo), promo for Amisz's first wrestling match
* [Old YouTube channel "KGWrestlingPodcast"](https://www.youtube.com/@amisz98), now with his name changed and all uploads hidden
