content/w/goblin.md, before:

+++
title = "Goblin"
template = "talent_page.html"
authors = ["Sewi The Referee"]
[extra]
toclevel = 2
[taxonomies]
country = ["PL"]
[extra.gallery]
1 = { path = "goblin.jpg", caption = "Goblin before his Wild West-themed match at [Miasto Bezprawia](@/e/ppw/2024-02-10-ppw-miasto-bezprawia.md).", source = "Official PpW Facebook" }
2 = { path = "goblin-maska.webp", caption = "Goblin wearing his mask at [MZW Forever](@/e/mzw/2025-03-29-mzw-forever.md).", source = "Shadowsmoonlight Photography" }
3 = { path = "el-duende-polaco.jpg", caption = "ARENA PEPE Cisneros announced Goblin would appear in Mexico on 15.09.2024.", source = "Official ARENA PEPE Cisneros Facebook" }
+++

Goblin is a Polish wrestler best known for his time in [PpW Ewenement](@/o/ppw.md) and [Maniac Zone Wrestling](@/o/mzw.md).

## Basic info

* Years active: 2023-present
* Gimmicks/nicknames:
  - "The Acid Messiah" Goblin {{ org_badge(orgs=['ppw', 'mzw']) }}
  - Gremlin {{ org_badge(orgs=['ppw']) }} (non-canon shows)
  - Mikey Beerman {{ org_badge(orgs=['ppw']) }} (non-canon shows)
  - El Señor Cerveza {{ org_badge(orgs=['ppw']) }} (non-canon shows)
  - Larwa {{ org_badge(orgs=['ppw']) }} (non-canon shows)
  - Brat Kimono {{ org_badge(orgs=['ppw']) }} (non-canon shows)
  - Karol M {{ org_badge(orgs=['ppw']) }} (non-canon shows)
* Trained by:
  - PpW Dojo (2022-2024)
  - [Ewenement Dojo](@/o/ewenement-dojo.md) (2024-)

## Professional wrestling career

### PpW Ewenement (2023-present)

#### Debut and early rivalries

Goblin made his debut in [PpW Ewenement](@/o/ppw.md) at [Ledwo Legalne III](@/e/ppw/2023-06-17-ppw-ledwo-legalne-3.md), where he faced [Adam Wong](@/w/adam-wong.md).
He debuted in a babyface "Acid Messiah" gimmick, which quickly gained him a lot of positive reception from the fans thanks to his chaotic nature, psychedelic promos and his fondness for beer. His debut was preceded by a [vignette][tarot-goblina] in which he sat at a table reading Tarot cards - a parody of late-night TV fortune tellers - discovering his "future" from unexpected cards showing the event's date, location and his opponent's face.
Another vignette, where Goblin goes ["All In!"][goblin-poker] on a Texas Hold'em hand, losing it to an invisible opponent, preceded his second match, against Javier Vives, at [Czyste Intencje](@/e/ppw/2023-09-09-ppw-czyste-intencje.md). Despite losing both of these bouts, Goblin quickly gained popularity, gathering a devoted fanbase called "Gobliniarze" (which can be roughly translated as "Goblinators", or "Goblinists").

#### Feud with Gustav Gryffin

In December 2023 at [Turbo OG](@/e/ppw/2023-12-08-ppw-turbo-og.md) Goblin faced [Gustav Gryffin](@/w/gustav-gryffin.md) - a villainous wrestler obsessed with self-improvement - making it a match of polar opposites. Goblin defeated Gustav, which also marked his first official win in PpW. In the aftermath of the fight, Goblin stated that he has moved on, while Gustav became obsessed with his unexpected defeat. At [Ewenement Haze](@/e/ppw/2024-04-20-ppw-ewenement-haze.md), his frustration reached a critical point, leading to him attacking Goblin, stealing and destroying his prize from the 420 Critical Ladder Match. During mid-show interviews, both wrestlers declared their plans to go for the [PpW Championship](@/c/ppw-championship.md), and to face each other. Later that night, after Gryffin's attempt to interfere in [Feager](@/w/feager.md) vs [Mister Z](@/w/mister-z.md) on the latter's behalf, Goblin disposed of Gustav, taking him out of the ring and brawling outside.

This rivalry led them to face each other in a No Holds Barred #1 Contender Match at [Ledwo Legalne IV](@/e/ppw/2024-06-08-ppw-ledwo-legalne-4.md). Despite this being an even fight, Gustav - accompanied by [Jakub Sigmarsson](@/w/jakub-linde.md) and [Rafi](@/w/rafi.md) - was able to defeat Goblin and became the #1 Contender.

#### GobLis and feud with Zmowa

During the build-up to [Ale Grzeje](@/e/ppw/2024-07-13-ppw-ale-grzeje.md), Gustav reached out to a Legia Łysych member [Olgierd](@/w/olgierd.md), offering the team a match against the Acid Messiah.
Additionally, unless Goblin was able to find a partner, it was to be a handicap match. This was a problem for him, as many potential allies already had issues of their own - [Gabriel Queen](@/w/gabriel-queen.md) (who just lost a tag match to Legia) was facing [Jacob Crane](@/w/jacob-crane.md); [Biesiad](@/w/biesiad.md) challenged Gustav for the PpW Championship, and [Johnny Blade](@/w/johnny-blade.md) was defending his newly regained [European Ultraviolent Championship](@/c/ppw-european-ultraviolent-championship.md).
At the show, Goblin stood against Legia Łysych alone and cut a short promo, mentioning how Legia Łysych got under many people's skin even before they came in to PpW in June that year, and that one such person came to PpW to get his hands on Legia. This marked the surprise debut of [Axel Fox](@/w/axel-fox.md), who teamed up with Goblin as a team quickly named by PpW fans as "GobLis". However, due to Mister Z's interference in the match, they were unable to defeat Legia Łysych.

Their grudge held against the members of Mister Z's villainous stable [Zmowa](@/tt/zmowa.md), especially against Legia Łysych, caused Goblin and Fox to join an impromptu faction led by Biesiad: Zmowa Przeciwko Zmowie (_The Collusion Against the Collusion_). The team of Goblin, Fox, Biesiad, Gabriel Queen and [Vic Golden](@/w/vic-golden.md) faced Mister Z, Jakub Linde, Olgierd, [Marco Hammers](@/w/marco-hammers.md) and [Wiktor Longman](@/w/wiktor-longman.md) in an Ustawka Match at [Co Za Noc](@/e/ppw/2024-10-26-ppw-co-za-noc.md). Eventually Zmowa got the upper hand, leaving Goblin alone against Mister Z, Longman and Olgierd, but The Acid Messiah was able to miraculously win the match as the sole survivor.

#### Feud with Olgierd

After Olgierd's humiliating defeat in the Ustawka Match at Co Za Noc, he started to hold a grudge against Goblin. In a post-show interview he vowed to destroy Goblin and make him "his bitch".
Goblin responded by publishing a promo, in which he likened it to a fictional scenario where Władysław Jagiełło and Ulrich von Jungingen face off for the [Battle of Grunwald][bitwa-pod-grunwaldem], only to be met with Genghis Khan interfering - in this case, the "stupid Mongolian" would be Olgierd. He dared Olgierd to make good on his promises to "end" Goblin.

At [Gruba Przesada](@/e/ppw/2025-01-25-ppw-gruba-przesada.md) Goblin was able to defend himself against [Aron Wake](@/w/aron-wake.md), [Marcelito](@/w/marcelito.md) and [Feager](@/w/feager.md) in a Monar Gauntlet Match. Later that night he intervened in the Six-Man Tag Team Match of Mister Z and Legia Łysych against Axel Fox and The Hardcores ([Johnny Blade](@/w/johnny-blade.md) and [Biesiad Strong](@/w/biesiad.md)). Goblin attacked Olgierd and dragged him out of the arena on a dog leash. At [Hardcore Friday 21.000](@/e/ppw/2025-02-21-ppw-hardcore-friday.md) a similar situation emerged, when Goblin attakced Olgierd, put him in a dog collar and chained him to a turnbuckle. This build-up led to their match at [Teraz Albo Nigdy](@/e/ppw/2025-03-15-ppw-teraz-albo-nigdy.md), with the stipulation being a Dog Collar Match - the first one in Polish wrestling's history. Goblin was, however, defeated by the Hooligan.

#### The Last Dance

Goblin returned to the ring the same night he was almost hanged by Olgierd, to enter the 20 Typa 20 Broni Match and become the #1 Contender for the PpW Championship at [Ledwo Legalne 5](@/e/ppw/2025-06-07-ppw-ledwo-legalne-5.md).
The Acid Messiah did that by eliminating his Tag Team partner and friend Axel Fox. After his victory, the reigning champion and Goblin's old rival Gustav Gryffin came out and faced the new #1 Contender. The match was set to take place at Ledwo Legalne 5 and dubbed "The Last Dance", due to it being the third official match between Goblin and Gustav.

At [Ostatnia Prosta](@/e/ppw/2025-04-30-ppw-ostatnia-prosta.md), the run-up show to Ledwo Legalne 5, Gustav and Goblin sat down in the ring for a contract signing. Gustav selected the stipulation for their upcoming match: Three Stages of Hell, starting with a Classic Wrestling Match, transitioning to a No Holds Barred Match after the first pin or submission. The third stage could only be won by knocking out the opponent. Goblin lost the first segment but managed to recover, and finished off his opponent with a daring table spot over the entrance ramp, rendering Gustav unconscious.
This made him the new [PpW Champion](@/c/ppw-championship.md), ending Gustav's one-year reign.

#### "The Unhinged Era"

After Goblin's victory over Gustav, the Acid Messiah proclaimed the beginning of a new era in PpW's history, called "Era Odklei" (_The Unhinged Era_).
Despite the fact that Goblin was ready and willing to defend his Championship as soon as possible, he was initially prevented from doing so by Mister Z, who only allowed him to fight in non-title matches for the duration of both [Turniej Type Shit](@/e/ppw/2025-07-05-ppw-turniej-typeshit.md) and its [sequel](@/e/ppw/2025-08-15-ppw-hardcore-friday-turniej-typeshit.md).
Goblin made his first Championship defence at [Mistrzowskie Rozdanie 2](@/e/ppw/2025-09-20-ppw-mistrzowskie-rozdanie-2.md) against a member of [Rodzina](@/tt/rodzina.md), [Robert Star](@/w/robert-star.md), who lost despite his stable's assistance.
At the same show Biesiad managed to win the TypeShit Tournament, becoming the next #1 Contender for the PpW Championship.
The title match was set to take place at [Wjazd Na Rewir](@/e/ppw/2025-10-24-ppw-wjazd-na-rewir.md), but seconds before the bell rang, Mister Z inserted himself into the match, making it a three-way in order to mess with both contestants.
Unexpectedly, Mister Z was attacked by former ally Gustav, who had bitterly and violently quit Zmowa at the previous show.

This intervention allowed Goblin to retain his Championship, but he became angry at both Zmowa and Gryffin for constantly intervening in his title run.
At the same time, Mister Z declared that he wanted to put both Gustav and Goblin down. He booked a Three-on-Three Tag Team Match, placing himself and [Legia Łysych](@/tt/legia-lysych.md) against old enemies: Gustav, Goblin, and his friend [Axel Fox](@/w/axel-fox.md).
All of them were visibly discontent at having to team with each other, but it was Axel who was the most upset, arguing that [GobLis](@/tt/goblis.md) should focus on becoming the inaugural [PpW Tag Team Champions](@/c/ppw-tag-team-championship.md) instead of helping Goblin's old rival.
During this six-man match at [Surowy Klimat](@/e/ppw/2025-11-08-ppw-surowy-klimat.md) Axel was a no-show, forcing Goblin and Gustav to fight at a handicap.
In the final moments, however, the much-needed Axel finally came to seemingly save his friend, but that was not what happened. Instead, Axel turned his back on Goblin and Gustav by refusing to tag in and allowing [Olgierd](@/w/olgierd.md) to pin the Acid Messiah, which granted Zmowa's Hooligan an opportunity to challenge Goblin for the PpW Championship at [Duch Świąt, Smak Krwi](@/e/ppw/2025-12-06-ppw-duch-swiat-smak-krwi.md). At that show, Goblin's championship reign ended after a brutal match.

### Maniac Zone Wrestling (2025-present)

In March 2025, Goblin made his in-ring debut for Maniac Zone Wrestling facing German wrestler Robert Kaiser at [MZW Forever](@/e/mzw/2025-03-29-mzw-forever.md).

## International wrestling appearances

From 2023 onwards Goblin took a few international bookings. He made one appearance in Hungarian Passion Pro Wrestling in 2023, and he also worked in a couple of matches in Germany and Sweden. 

Goblin also made history as the first Polish wrestler to make an appearance in Mexico. On September 15th, 2024, he worked a show for a local promotion, Arena Pepe Cisneros.

## In wrestling

* Finishers:
  - _MK-ULTRA_ (Swinging Reverse STO) (2023-)
  - Green Mist (2023-)
  - _Kabacki Krztusiec_ (Modified Muta Lock) (2025-)
* Tag Teams and stables:
  - [GobLis](@/tt/goblis.md) (2024-2025)
* Entrance music:
  - Mix: "Get Got" by Death Grips / "Dumbest Girl Alive (Instrumental)" by 100 gecs
    {{ org_badge(orgs=['ppw', 'mzw']) }} (2023-present) <br>
    {{ music(yt='HIrKSqb4H4A')}}
    {{ music(spot='781V2Y5LPtcpgONEOadadE')}}
    {{ music(apple='515449028?i=515449215')}} <br>
    {{ music(yt='SRVhG4Cv4hA')}}
    {{ music(spot='0qMZXgcLfkl5RI3q50KHMH')}}
  - "Punk Tactics" by Joey Valence & Brae
    {{ org_badge(orgs=['ppw']) }} (2024-2025, as part of [GobLis](@/tt/goblis.md)) <br>
    {{ music(yt='OklSZmIx9-o') }}
    {{ music(spot='2jQ1P0aGT4WkNyJCeoQnb9') }}
    {{ music(apple='1697553064?i=1697553067&l=pl') }}

## Championships and accomplishments

* [PpW Ewenement](@/o/ppw.md):
  - [PpW Championship](@/c/ppw-championship.md) (1 time)
  - [Złoty Ewenement 2025](@/a/zlote-ewenementy.md) - Match of the Year
  - 20 Typa 20 Broni Rumble Match (2025)

## Internet presence

* [Goblin's Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/acid_messiah_goblin)

## References

* [Cagematch profile page](https://www.cagematch.net/?id=2&nr=28746)

[bitwa-pod-grunwaldem]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Battle_of_Grunwald
[tarot-goblina]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AsEqQwh0idg
[goblin-poker]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Fiyos4xT8g

Commit message:

Update Złote Ewenementy (#2268)
* Update Złote Ewenementy

Structure in achivements to follow up PTW Awards type shit

* Update goblin.md

* Update gustav-gryffin.md

content/w/goblin.md, after:

+++
title = "Goblin"
template = "talent_page.html"
authors = ["Sewi The Referee"]
[extra]
toclevel = 2
[taxonomies]
country = ["PL"]
[extra.gallery]
1 = { path = "goblin.jpg", caption = "Goblin before his Wild West-themed match at [Miasto Bezprawia](@/e/ppw/2024-02-10-ppw-miasto-bezprawia.md).", source = "Official PpW Facebook" }
2 = { path = "goblin-maska.webp", caption = "Goblin wearing his mask at [MZW Forever](@/e/mzw/2025-03-29-mzw-forever.md).", source = "Shadowsmoonlight Photography" }
3 = { path = "el-duende-polaco.jpg", caption = "ARENA PEPE Cisneros announced Goblin would appear in Mexico on 15.09.2024.", source = "Official ARENA PEPE Cisneros Facebook" }
+++

Goblin is a Polish wrestler best known for his time in [PpW Ewenement](@/o/ppw.md) and [Maniac Zone Wrestling](@/o/mzw.md).

## Basic info

* Years active: 2023-present
* Gimmicks/nicknames:
  - "The Acid Messiah" Goblin {{ org_badge(orgs=['ppw', 'mzw']) }}
  - Gremlin {{ org_badge(orgs=['ppw']) }} (non-canon shows)
  - Mikey Beerman {{ org_badge(orgs=['ppw']) }} (non-canon shows)
  - El Señor Cerveza {{ org_badge(orgs=['ppw']) }} (non-canon shows)
  - Larwa {{ org_badge(orgs=['ppw']) }} (non-canon shows)
  - Brat Kimono {{ org_badge(orgs=['ppw']) }} (non-canon shows)
  - Karol M {{ org_badge(orgs=['ppw']) }} (non-canon shows)
* Trained by:
  - PpW Dojo (2022-2024)
  - [Ewenement Dojo](@/o/ewenement-dojo.md) (2024-)

## Professional wrestling career

### PpW Ewenement (2023-present)

#### Debut and early rivalries

Goblin made his debut in [PpW Ewenement](@/o/ppw.md) at [Ledwo Legalne III](@/e/ppw/2023-06-17-ppw-ledwo-legalne-3.md), where he faced [Adam Wong](@/w/adam-wong.md).
He debuted in a babyface "Acid Messiah" gimmick, which quickly gained him a lot of positive reception from the fans thanks to his chaotic nature, psychedelic promos and his fondness for beer. His debut was preceded by a [vignette][tarot-goblina] in which he sat at a table reading Tarot cards - a parody of late-night TV fortune tellers - discovering his "future" from unexpected cards showing the event's date, location and his opponent's face.
Another vignette, where Goblin goes ["All In!"][goblin-poker] on a Texas Hold'em hand, losing it to an invisible opponent, preceded his second match, against Javier Vives, at [Czyste Intencje](@/e/ppw/2023-09-09-ppw-czyste-intencje.md). Despite losing both of these bouts, Goblin quickly gained popularity, gathering a devoted fanbase called "Gobliniarze" (which can be roughly translated as "Goblinators", or "Goblinists").

#### Feud with Gustav Gryffin

In December 2023 at [Turbo OG](@/e/ppw/2023-12-08-ppw-turbo-og.md) Goblin faced [Gustav Gryffin](@/w/gustav-gryffin.md) - a villainous wrestler obsessed with self-improvement - making it a match of polar opposites. Goblin defeated Gustav, which also marked his first official win in PpW. In the aftermath of the fight, Goblin stated that he has moved on, while Gustav became obsessed with his unexpected defeat. At [Ewenement Haze](@/e/ppw/2024-04-20-ppw-ewenement-haze.md), his frustration reached a critical point, leading to him attacking Goblin, stealing and destroying his prize from the 420 Critical Ladder Match. During mid-show interviews, both wrestlers declared their plans to go for the [PpW Championship](@/c/ppw-championship.md), and to face each other. Later that night, after Gryffin's attempt to interfere in [Feager](@/w/feager.md) vs [Mister Z](@/w/mister-z.md) on the latter's behalf, Goblin disposed of Gustav, taking him out of the ring and brawling outside.

This rivalry led them to face each other in a No Holds Barred #1 Contender Match at [Ledwo Legalne IV](@/e/ppw/2024-06-08-ppw-ledwo-legalne-4.md). Despite this being an even fight, Gustav - accompanied by [Jakub Sigmarsson](@/w/jakub-linde.md) and [Rafi](@/w/rafi.md) - was able to defeat Goblin and became the #1 Contender.

#### GobLis and feud with Zmowa

During the build-up to [Ale Grzeje](@/e/ppw/2024-07-13-ppw-ale-grzeje.md), Gustav reached out to a Legia Łysych member [Olgierd](@/w/olgierd.md), offering the team a match against the Acid Messiah.
Additionally, unless Goblin was able to find a partner, it was to be a handicap match. This was a problem for him, as many potential allies already had issues of their own - [Gabriel Queen](@/w/gabriel-queen.md) (who just lost a tag match to Legia) was facing [Jacob Crane](@/w/jacob-crane.md); [Biesiad](@/w/biesiad.md) challenged Gustav for the PpW Championship, and [Johnny Blade](@/w/johnny-blade.md) was defending his newly regained [European Ultraviolent Championship](@/c/ppw-european-ultraviolent-championship.md).
At the show, Goblin stood against Legia Łysych alone and cut a short promo, mentioning how Legia Łysych got under many people's skin even before they came in to PpW in June that year, and that one such person came to PpW to get his hands on Legia. This marked the surprise debut of [Axel Fox](@/w/axel-fox.md), who teamed up with Goblin as a team quickly named by PpW fans as "GobLis". However, due to Mister Z's interference in the match, they were unable to defeat Legia Łysych.

Their grudge held against the members of Mister Z's villainous stable [Zmowa](@/tt/zmowa.md), especially against Legia Łysych, caused Goblin and Fox to join an impromptu faction led by Biesiad: Zmowa Przeciwko Zmowie (_The Collusion Against the Collusion_). The team of Goblin, Fox, Biesiad, Gabriel Queen and [Vic Golden](@/w/vic-golden.md) faced Mister Z, Jakub Linde, Olgierd, [Marco Hammers](@/w/marco-hammers.md) and [Wiktor Longman](@/w/wiktor-longman.md) in an Ustawka Match at [Co Za Noc](@/e/ppw/2024-10-26-ppw-co-za-noc.md). Eventually Zmowa got the upper hand, leaving Goblin alone against Mister Z, Longman and Olgierd, but The Acid Messiah was able to miraculously win the match as the sole survivor.

#### Feud with Olgierd

After Olgierd's humiliating defeat in the Ustawka Match at Co Za Noc, he started to hold a grudge against Goblin. In a post-show interview he vowed to destroy Goblin and make him "his bitch".
Goblin responded by publishing a promo, in which he likened it to a fictional scenario where Władysław Jagiełło and Ulrich von Jungingen face off for the [Battle of Grunwald][bitwa-pod-grunwaldem], only to be met with Genghis Khan interfering - in this case, the "stupid Mongolian" would be Olgierd. He dared Olgierd to make good on his promises to "end" Goblin.

At [Gruba Przesada](@/e/ppw/2025-01-25-ppw-gruba-przesada.md) Goblin was able to defend himself against [Aron Wake](@/w/aron-wake.md), [Marcelito](@/w/marcelito.md) and [Feager](@/w/feager.md) in a Monar Gauntlet Match. Later that night he intervened in the Six-Man Tag Team Match of Mister Z and Legia Łysych against Axel Fox and The Hardcores ([Johnny Blade](@/w/johnny-blade.md) and [Biesiad Strong](@/w/biesiad.md)). Goblin attacked Olgierd and dragged him out of the arena on a dog leash. At [Hardcore Friday 21.000](@/e/ppw/2025-02-21-ppw-hardcore-friday.md) a similar situation emerged, when Goblin attakced Olgierd, put him in a dog collar and chained him to a turnbuckle. This build-up led to their match at [Teraz Albo Nigdy](@/e/ppw/2025-03-15-ppw-teraz-albo-nigdy.md), with the stipulation being a Dog Collar Match - the first one in Polish wrestling's history. Goblin was, however, defeated by the Hooligan.

#### The Last Dance

Goblin returned to the ring the same night he was almost hanged by Olgierd, to enter the 20 Typa 20 Broni Match and become the #1 Contender for the PpW Championship at [Ledwo Legalne 5](@/e/ppw/2025-06-07-ppw-ledwo-legalne-5.md).
The Acid Messiah did that by eliminating his Tag Team partner and friend Axel Fox. After his victory, the reigning champion and Goblin's old rival Gustav Gryffin came out and faced the new #1 Contender. The match was set to take place at Ledwo Legalne 5 and dubbed "The Last Dance", due to it being the third official match between Goblin and Gustav.

At [Ostatnia Prosta](@/e/ppw/2025-04-30-ppw-ostatnia-prosta.md), the run-up show to Ledwo Legalne 5, Gustav and Goblin sat down in the ring for a contract signing. Gustav selected the stipulation for their upcoming match: Three Stages of Hell, starting with a Classic Wrestling Match, transitioning to a No Holds Barred Match after the first pin or submission. The third stage could only be won by knocking out the opponent. Goblin lost the first segment but managed to recover, and finished off his opponent with a daring table spot over the entrance ramp, rendering Gustav unconscious.
This made him the new [PpW Champion](@/c/ppw-championship.md), ending Gustav's one-year reign.

#### "The Unhinged Era"

After Goblin's victory over Gustav, the Acid Messiah proclaimed the beginning of a new era in PpW's history, called "Era Odklei" (_The Unhinged Era_).
Despite the fact that Goblin was ready and willing to defend his Championship as soon as possible, he was initially prevented from doing so by Mister Z, who only allowed him to fight in non-title matches for the duration of both [Turniej Type Shit](@/e/ppw/2025-07-05-ppw-turniej-typeshit.md) and its [sequel](@/e/ppw/2025-08-15-ppw-hardcore-friday-turniej-typeshit.md).
Goblin made his first Championship defence at [Mistrzowskie Rozdanie 2](@/e/ppw/2025-09-20-ppw-mistrzowskie-rozdanie-2.md) against a member of [Rodzina](@/tt/rodzina.md), [Robert Star](@/w/robert-star.md), who lost despite his stable's assistance.
At the same show Biesiad managed to win the TypeShit Tournament, becoming the next #1 Contender for the PpW Championship.
The title match was set to take place at [Wjazd Na Rewir](@/e/ppw/2025-10-24-ppw-wjazd-na-rewir.md), but seconds before the bell rang, Mister Z inserted himself into the match, making it a three-way in order to mess with both contestants.
Unexpectedly, Mister Z was attacked by former ally Gustav, who had bitterly and violently quit Zmowa at the previous show.

This intervention allowed Goblin to retain his Championship, but he became angry at both Zmowa and Gryffin for constantly intervening in his title run.
At the same time, Mister Z declared that he wanted to put both Gustav and Goblin down. He booked a Three-on-Three Tag Team Match, placing himself and [Legia Łysych](@/tt/legia-lysych.md) against old enemies: Gustav, Goblin, and his friend [Axel Fox](@/w/axel-fox.md).
All of them were visibly discontent at having to team with each other, but it was Axel who was the most upset, arguing that [GobLis](@/tt/goblis.md) should focus on becoming the inaugural [PpW Tag Team Champions](@/c/ppw-tag-team-championship.md) instead of helping Goblin's old rival.
During this six-man match at [Surowy Klimat](@/e/ppw/2025-11-08-ppw-surowy-klimat.md) Axel was a no-show, forcing Goblin and Gustav to fight at a handicap.
In the final moments, however, the much-needed Axel finally came to seemingly save his friend, but that was not what happened. Instead, Axel turned his back on Goblin and Gustav by refusing to tag in and allowing [Olgierd](@/w/olgierd.md) to pin the Acid Messiah, which granted Zmowa's Hooligan an opportunity to challenge Goblin for the PpW Championship at [Duch Świąt, Smak Krwi](@/e/ppw/2025-12-06-ppw-duch-swiat-smak-krwi.md). At that show, Goblin's championship reign ended after a brutal match.

### Maniac Zone Wrestling (2025-present)

In March 2025, Goblin made his in-ring debut for Maniac Zone Wrestling facing German wrestler Robert Kaiser at [MZW Forever](@/e/mzw/2025-03-29-mzw-forever.md).

## International wrestling appearances

From 2023 onwards Goblin took a few international bookings. He made one appearance in Hungarian Passion Pro Wrestling in 2023, and he also worked in a couple of matches in Germany and Sweden. 

Goblin also made history as the first Polish wrestler to make an appearance in Mexico. On September 15th, 2024, he worked a show for a local promotion, Arena Pepe Cisneros.

## In wrestling

* Finishers:
  - _MK-ULTRA_ (Swinging Reverse STO) (2023-)
  - Green Mist (2023-)
  - _Kabacki Krztusiec_ (Modified Muta Lock) (2025-)
* Tag Teams and stables:
  - [GobLis](@/tt/goblis.md) (2024-2025)
* Entrance music:
  - Mix: "Get Got" by Death Grips / "Dumbest Girl Alive (Instrumental)" by 100 gecs
    {{ org_badge(orgs=['ppw', 'mzw']) }} (2023-present) <br>
    {{ music(yt='HIrKSqb4H4A')}}
    {{ music(spot='781V2Y5LPtcpgONEOadadE')}}
    {{ music(apple='515449028?i=515449215')}} <br>
    {{ music(yt='SRVhG4Cv4hA')}}
    {{ music(spot='0qMZXgcLfkl5RI3q50KHMH')}}
  - "Punk Tactics" by Joey Valence & Brae
    {{ org_badge(orgs=['ppw']) }} (2024-2025, as part of [GobLis](@/tt/goblis.md)) <br>
    {{ music(yt='OklSZmIx9-o') }}
    {{ music(spot='2jQ1P0aGT4WkNyJCeoQnb9') }}
    {{ music(apple='1697553064?i=1697553067&l=pl') }}

## Championships and accomplishments

* [PpW Ewenement](@/o/ppw.md):
  - [PpW Championship](@/c/ppw-championship.md) (1 time)
  - 20 Typa 20 Broni Rumble Match (2025)
  - [Złoty Ewenement](@/a/zlote-ewenementy.md) (1 time):
     - Match of the Year - vs [Gustav Gryffin](@/w/gustav-gryffin.md) at [Ledwo Legalne 5](@/e/ppw/2025-06-07-ppw-ledwo-legalne-5.md) (2025)

## Internet presence

* [Goblin's Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/acid_messiah_goblin)

## References

* [Cagematch profile page](https://www.cagematch.net/?id=2&nr=28746)

[bitwa-pod-grunwaldem]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Battle_of_Grunwald
[tarot-goblina]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AsEqQwh0idg
[goblin-poker]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Fiyos4xT8g
