content/w/gustav-gryffin.md, before:

+++
title = "Gustav Gryffin"
template = "talent_page.html"
authors = ["Sewi The Referee"]
[extra]
toclevel = 2
[taxonomies]
country = ["PL"]
[extra.gallery]
1 = { path = "gustav-gryffin.jpg", caption = "Gustav Gryffin, [MZW+PpW Żadnych Granic](@/e/mzw/2023-09-23-mzw_ppw-zadnych-granic.md).", source = "M3n747" }
+++

Gustav Gryffin is a Polish wrestler from Bartoszyce, best known for his appearances for [PpW Ewenement](@/o/ppw.md), [Maniac Zone Wrestling](@/o/mzw.md) and [Legacy of Wrestling](@/o/low.md).

## Basic info

* Years active: 2022-present
* Nicknames/Gimmicks:
  - Gustav Gryffin {{ org_badge(orgs=['ppw', 'mzw', 'low']) }}
  - Hardcore Gustav {{ org_badge(org='ppw') }} (non-canon shows)
  - Gustav Pierdolec {{ org_badge(org='ppw') }} (non-canon shows)
  - Martinez Grabollo {{ org_badge(org='ppw') }} (non-canon shows)
  - Art the Clown {{ org_badge(org='ppw') }} (Halloween special, non-canon show)
* Trained by:
  - PpW Dojo (2022-June 2024)
  - [Ewenement Dojo](@/o/ewenement-dojo.md) (June 2024-present)

## Professional wrestling career

### PpW Ewenement (2022-present)

#### Training and debut

Gustav started his pro wrestling training at PpW Dojo - an unofficial predecessor of [Ewenement Dojo](@/o/ewenement-dojo.md).
He was trained mostly by [Jacob Crane](@/w/jacob-crane.md), who later became the head coach of the Dojo.
Gustav made his debut at [PpW Mistrzowskie Rozdanie](@/e/ppw/2023-05-06-ppw-mistrzowskie-rozdanie.md), where he faced and defeated [Ricardo Diesel](@/w/ricardo-diesel.md).
He quickly become a regular star at PpW events, thanks to his villainous gimmick of an ambitious, ruthless corporate suit who despises "hobos" and "low-lifes", which was a clear shot at the PpW audience, which is predominantly loosely assossiated with more rebellious and alternative ways of life.
For the first few months of his career he was managed by [Osamu](@/w/osamu.md), until their falling out at [Turbo OG](@/e/ppw/2023-12-08-ppw-turbo-og.md) in December 2023..

During his first matches in PpW he become one of most influential "traditional" wrestlers in PpW, focusing more on classic wrestling matches than hardcore wrestling, compared to other members of the PpW roster.
Besides PpW, Gustav also made an appearance at the cross-promotion show [MZW+PpW: Żadnych Granic](@/e/mzw/2023-09-23-mzw_ppw-zadnych-granic.md).

#### Joining "Zmowa" and becoming PpW Champion

In the early 2024 Gustav, alongside his personal trainer and bodyguard Jakub Linde, formed an alliance with the villainous PpW producer, [Mister Z](@/w/mister-z.md).
This alliance would be lated called ["Zmowa"](@/tt/zmowa.md). Gustav was quickly pushed by Mister Z into a No Holds Barred Match against [Goblin](@/w/goblin.md) at [Ledwo Legalne IV](@/e/ppw/2024-06-08-ppw-ledwo-legalne-4.md), with the winner gaining the #1 Contender spot for the [PpW Championship](@/c/ppw-championship.md).
Gustav defeated his opponent and cashed in his title shot after his ally Mister Z failed to defeat [Feager](@/w/feager.md) and champion [Biesiad](@/w/biesiad.md) in a triple threat match.
The title shot cash-in was successful, thus Gustav Gryffin became the 7th PpW Champion in history.

#### Zmowa vs Zmowa Przeciwko Zmowie; feud with Samson

For the better part of 2024, Gustav became one of the most influential workers in the PpW roster, serving as Mister Z's right-hand man and "The Face of the Company".
Zmowa gathered more talent such as [Olgierd](@/w/olgierd.md) and [Marco Hammers](@/w/marco-hammers.md) as Legia Łysych, as well as [Isnorr](@/w/isnorr.md).
Almost every member of Zmowa had to face off one of the babyfaces in the company.
After defeating Biesiad in a rematch for the PpW Championship at [Ale Grzeje](@/e/ppw/2024-07-13-ppw-ale-grzeje.md), Gustav spent almost the whole second half of the year feuding with [Samson](@/w/samson.md).
With Team Zmowa eventually losing to Team Zmowa Przeciwko Zmowie in a Ustawka (_Hooligan Street Fight_) Match at [Co Za Noc](@/e/ppw/2024-10-26-ppw-co-za-noc.md), Gustav emerged victorious from his battle against the Beast from Będzin after defeating him in a Strap Match - thus ending their feud.

#### Feud with Gabriel Queen

At [Hardcore Friday: Barszcz z Krzesłami](@/e/ppw/2024-12-06-ppw-hardcore-friday-barszcz-z-krzeslami.md) Gustav faced [Johnny Blade](@/w/johnny-blade.md). After the match he was attacked by [Gabriel Queen](@/w/gabriel-queen.md) - the winner of a title shot for the [PpW Championship](@/c/ppw-championship.md) earlier that night - who introduced his gloved thumb into Gustav's rectum. The humiliated Gustav accepted the fact that he would have to face Gabriel at [Gruba Przesada](@/e/ppw/2025-01-25-ppw-gruba-przesada.md), but just before the match started, he stipulated a 15 minute time limit, stating that he values his time.
Due to a referee knock-out, Gustav was able to retain his championship.

At [Hardcore Friday 21.000](@/e/ppw/2025-02-21-ppw-hardcore-friday.md) Gustav teamed up with [Isnorr](@/w/isnorr.md) to face Pure Gold. The match resulted in Gustav and Isnorr's defeat after [Vic Golden](@/w/vic-golden.md) pinned Isnorr. Nevertheless, it was Gustav's first defeat during his title reign, so Gabriel challenged Gustav for a rematch at [Teraz Albo Nigdy](@/e/ppw/2025-03-15-ppw-teraz-albo-nigdy.md). The match was set up in a Two Out Of Three Falls stipulation, and during the match, just before Gabriel Queen was going for the second pinfall and victory, he was struck with a chair by long-time friend [Vic Golden](@/w/vic-golden.md), which allowed Gustav to defeat Gabriel and end their feud.

#### The Last Dance

After the 20 Typa 20 Broni Rumble Match in the main event of Teraz Albo Nigdy, [Goblin](@/w/goblin.md) became the #1 Contender for the PpW Championship at [Ledwo Legalne 5](@/e/ppw/2025-06-07-ppw-ledwo-legalne-5.md). The match was named "The Last Dance" due to it being the third official match between Goblin and Gustav.

At [Ostatnia Prosta](@/e/ppw/2025-04-30-ppw-ostatnia-prosta.md), the run-up show to Ledwo Legalne 5, Gustav and Goblin sat down in the ring for a contract signing. Gustav selected the stipulation for their upcoming match: Three Stages of Hell, starting with a Classic Wrestling Match, transitioning to a No Holds Barred Match after the first pin or submission. The third stage could only be won by knocking out the opponent. Gustav won the first segment, becoming increasingly brutal in the following ones, but was knocked out with a table spot from a high vantage point over the entrance ramp, and lost his Championship to Goblin after exactly one year.

#### Face Turn

After his devastating loss Gustav went into a downfall spiral, losing all of his confidence. He grew tired of the constant abuse from fellow Zmowa members, which was hinted at [Hardcore Friday Turniej TypeShit](@/e/ppw/2025-08-15-ppw-hardcore-friday-turniej-typeshit.md), where he tried to stop Zmowa's attack on the defeated Bartosz Plata. Despite Mister Z assuring everyone that Zmowa is fine, the whole story concluded at [Mistrzowskie Rozdanie 2](@/e/ppw/2025-09-20-ppw-mistrzowskie-rozdanie-2.md), when Gustav finally broke down and attacked Marco and Mister Z, turning face for the first time in his PpW career.

Furious, the PpW producer started his punishment campaign against Gustav by putting him in a Gauntlet Match with potential Zmowa recruits at [Wjazd Na Rewir](@/e/ppw/2025-10-24-ppw-wjazd-na-rewir.md). Even though Gustav managed to beat numerous wrestlers such as [Asara](@/w/asara.md), [Max Speed](@/w/max-speed.md) and [Tony Sheen](@/w/riverman.md), he was ultimately defeated by his former leader who entered the match after all of his minions failed to punish Gustav. The former Zmowa member retaliated by intervening in the main event and preventing Mister Z from winning the PpW Championship from Goblin's hands, which led to Zmowa vs Gustav & [GobLis](@/tt/goblis.md) match at [Surowy Klimat](@/e/ppw/2025-11-08-ppw-surowy-klimat.md). The whole babyface team was clearly frustrated with the fact that after such a long rivalry, they had to cooperate. During that match this frustration reached the boiling point, when [Axel Fox](@/w/axel-fox.md) turned on Goblin and Gustav, costing them the match, and joined Zmowa.

### Maniac Zone Wrestling (2023-present)

Gustav made his debut in [Maniac Zone Wrestling](@/o/mzw.md) at the joint show [MZW+PpW Żadnych Granic](@/e/mzw/2023-09-23-mzw_ppw-zadnych-granic.md), where he defeated Chris Cage in a Singles Match.
He later made another appearance over a year later at the next MZW show, [No Time to Die](@/e/mzw/2024-10-12-mzw-no-time-to-die.md), where he successfully defended his PpW Championship against [Sambor](@/w/sambor.md). In contrast to his PpW reception, in MZW he is portrayed as a babyface persona without any dramatic changes to his gimmick.

At [Green Madness](@/e/mzw/2025-06-28-mzw-green-madness.md) Gustav advanced to the tournament finals by defeating [Febus "The Wolf"](@/w/apollo-anderson.md). In the main event of the show he took part in said Tournament Final Ladder Match for the PpW/MZW Championship opportunity briefcase. However, he was unable to win due to Mister Z's opportunistic attack.

### Legacy of Wrestling (2024-present)

In November 2024 Gustav was set to face [Wiktor Longman](@/w/wiktor-longman.md) in a match for the PpW Championship at [Legacy of Wrestling's](@/o/low.md) [first show](@/e/low/2024-12-01-low-1.md). Following Wiktor's withdrawal due to personal reasons, Gustav's opponent was changed to [Axel Fox](@/w/axel-fox.md). Despite initially being ruled as Axel's victory via pinfall, the match was restarted after [Sinister](@/w/sinister.md) pointed out that Gustav's hand was outside of the ring, which went unnoticed by [Referee Sewi](@/w/sedzia-seweryn.md). Legacy's Chairman confirmed this and the match was restarted, with Gustav quickly submitting Axel with a chokehold.

On 22.03.2025 it was announced that Gustav would face Polish-American wrestler Kubes in a "Road to the Title Match" which would take place at [Legacy of Wrestling vol. 2](@/e/low/2025-04-06-low-2.md). Gustav emerged victorious, advancing further in the championship race.

At LoW's [third show](@/e/low/2025-07-11-low-3.md) Gustav teamed up with Olgierd and [Chemik](@/w/chemik.md) to defeat [Syriusz Dziedzic](@/w/dziedzic.md), Sambor and [Bartosz Plata](@/w/plata.md) in a Six-Man Tag Team Match.

## International wrestling appearances

From 2023 onwards Gustav started making numerous appearances at international wrestling scene. He made numerous appearances in Hungary, Sweden and Germany. 

## In wrestling

* Finishers:
  - Ripcord Lariat (2024-)
  - _Gryffin Bomb_ (2023-2025)
  - 11-200 (Angel's Wings) (2025-)
  - Rear Naked Choke (2024-)
  - Texas Cloverleaf (2023)
* Tag Teams and Stables:
  - [Zmowa](@/tt/zmowa.md) (2024-2025)
* Managers:
  - [Osamu](@/w/osamu.md) (2023)
  - [Jakub Linde](@/w/jakub-linde.md) (2024)
* Entrance music:
  - "Fuck It" by xryce
    {{ org_badge(orgs=['ppw', 'mzw']) }} (2023) <br>
    {{ music(yt='6w8dIKv8pNs&ab')}}
    {{ music(spot='4WKfmxi5gWUs4MkYiMcln7')}}
    {{ music(apple='1688771428')}}
  - "Memphis Doom" by Kordhell
    {{ org_badge(orgs=['ppw', 'mzw', 'low']) }} (2024-present) <br>
    {{ music(yt='cJuO985zF8E')}}
    {{ music(spot='0dlz0KoaIE9zaFZNT4XvXn')}}
    {{ music(apple='1591104080?i=1591104084')}}

## Championships and accomplishments

* PpW Ewenement:
  - [PpW Championship](@/c/ppw-championship.md) (1 time)
  - [Złoty Ewenement 2025](@/a/zlote-ewenementy.md) - Wrestler of the Year, Match of the Year, Moment of the Year

## Internet presence

* [Gustav's Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/gustav.gryffin/)

## References

* [Cagematch profile page](https://www.cagematch.net/?id=2&nr=29108)

Commit message:

Update Złote Ewenementy (#2268)
* Update Złote Ewenementy

Structure in achivements to follow up PTW Awards type shit

* Update goblin.md

* Update gustav-gryffin.md

content/w/gustav-gryffin.md, after:

+++
title = "Gustav Gryffin"
template = "talent_page.html"
authors = ["Sewi The Referee"]
[extra]
toclevel = 2
[taxonomies]
country = ["PL"]
[extra.gallery]
1 = { path = "gustav-gryffin.jpg", caption = "Gustav Gryffin, [MZW+PpW Żadnych Granic](@/e/mzw/2023-09-23-mzw_ppw-zadnych-granic.md).", source = "M3n747" }
+++

Gustav Gryffin is a Polish wrestler from Bartoszyce, best known for his appearances for [PpW Ewenement](@/o/ppw.md), [Maniac Zone Wrestling](@/o/mzw.md) and [Legacy of Wrestling](@/o/low.md).

## Basic info

* Years active: 2022-present
* Nicknames/Gimmicks:
  - Gustav Gryffin {{ org_badge(orgs=['ppw', 'mzw', 'low']) }}
  - Hardcore Gustav {{ org_badge(org='ppw') }} (non-canon shows)
  - Gustav Pierdolec {{ org_badge(org='ppw') }} (non-canon shows)
  - Martinez Grabollo {{ org_badge(org='ppw') }} (non-canon shows)
  - Art the Clown {{ org_badge(org='ppw') }} (Halloween special, non-canon show)
* Trained by:
  - PpW Dojo (2022-June 2024)
  - [Ewenement Dojo](@/o/ewenement-dojo.md) (June 2024-present)

## Professional wrestling career

### PpW Ewenement (2022-present)

#### Training and debut

Gustav started his pro wrestling training at PpW Dojo - an unofficial predecessor of [Ewenement Dojo](@/o/ewenement-dojo.md).
He was trained mostly by [Jacob Crane](@/w/jacob-crane.md), who later became the head coach of the Dojo.
Gustav made his debut at [PpW Mistrzowskie Rozdanie](@/e/ppw/2023-05-06-ppw-mistrzowskie-rozdanie.md), where he faced and defeated [Ricardo Diesel](@/w/ricardo-diesel.md).
He quickly become a regular star at PpW events, thanks to his villainous gimmick of an ambitious, ruthless corporate suit who despises "hobos" and "low-lifes", which was a clear shot at the PpW audience, which is predominantly loosely assossiated with more rebellious and alternative ways of life.
For the first few months of his career he was managed by [Osamu](@/w/osamu.md), until their falling out at [Turbo OG](@/e/ppw/2023-12-08-ppw-turbo-og.md) in December 2023..

During his first matches in PpW he become one of most influential "traditional" wrestlers in PpW, focusing more on classic wrestling matches than hardcore wrestling, compared to other members of the PpW roster.
Besides PpW, Gustav also made an appearance at the cross-promotion show [MZW+PpW: Żadnych Granic](@/e/mzw/2023-09-23-mzw_ppw-zadnych-granic.md).

#### Joining "Zmowa" and becoming PpW Champion

In the early 2024 Gustav, alongside his personal trainer and bodyguard Jakub Linde, formed an alliance with the villainous PpW producer, [Mister Z](@/w/mister-z.md).
This alliance would be lated called ["Zmowa"](@/tt/zmowa.md). Gustav was quickly pushed by Mister Z into a No Holds Barred Match against [Goblin](@/w/goblin.md) at [Ledwo Legalne IV](@/e/ppw/2024-06-08-ppw-ledwo-legalne-4.md), with the winner gaining the #1 Contender spot for the [PpW Championship](@/c/ppw-championship.md).
Gustav defeated his opponent and cashed in his title shot after his ally Mister Z failed to defeat [Feager](@/w/feager.md) and champion [Biesiad](@/w/biesiad.md) in a triple threat match.
The title shot cash-in was successful, thus Gustav Gryffin became the 7th PpW Champion in history.

#### Zmowa vs Zmowa Przeciwko Zmowie; feud with Samson

For the better part of 2024, Gustav became one of the most influential workers in the PpW roster, serving as Mister Z's right-hand man and "The Face of the Company".
Zmowa gathered more talent such as [Olgierd](@/w/olgierd.md) and [Marco Hammers](@/w/marco-hammers.md) as Legia Łysych, as well as [Isnorr](@/w/isnorr.md).
Almost every member of Zmowa had to face off one of the babyfaces in the company.
After defeating Biesiad in a rematch for the PpW Championship at [Ale Grzeje](@/e/ppw/2024-07-13-ppw-ale-grzeje.md), Gustav spent almost the whole second half of the year feuding with [Samson](@/w/samson.md).
With Team Zmowa eventually losing to Team Zmowa Przeciwko Zmowie in a Ustawka (_Hooligan Street Fight_) Match at [Co Za Noc](@/e/ppw/2024-10-26-ppw-co-za-noc.md), Gustav emerged victorious from his battle against the Beast from Będzin after defeating him in a Strap Match - thus ending their feud.

#### Feud with Gabriel Queen

At [Hardcore Friday: Barszcz z Krzesłami](@/e/ppw/2024-12-06-ppw-hardcore-friday-barszcz-z-krzeslami.md) Gustav faced [Johnny Blade](@/w/johnny-blade.md). After the match he was attacked by [Gabriel Queen](@/w/gabriel-queen.md) - the winner of a title shot for the [PpW Championship](@/c/ppw-championship.md) earlier that night - who introduced his gloved thumb into Gustav's rectum. The humiliated Gustav accepted the fact that he would have to face Gabriel at [Gruba Przesada](@/e/ppw/2025-01-25-ppw-gruba-przesada.md), but just before the match started, he stipulated a 15 minute time limit, stating that he values his time.
Due to a referee knock-out, Gustav was able to retain his championship.

At [Hardcore Friday 21.000](@/e/ppw/2025-02-21-ppw-hardcore-friday.md) Gustav teamed up with [Isnorr](@/w/isnorr.md) to face Pure Gold. The match resulted in Gustav and Isnorr's defeat after [Vic Golden](@/w/vic-golden.md) pinned Isnorr. Nevertheless, it was Gustav's first defeat during his title reign, so Gabriel challenged Gustav for a rematch at [Teraz Albo Nigdy](@/e/ppw/2025-03-15-ppw-teraz-albo-nigdy.md). The match was set up in a Two Out Of Three Falls stipulation, and during the match, just before Gabriel Queen was going for the second pinfall and victory, he was struck with a chair by long-time friend [Vic Golden](@/w/vic-golden.md), which allowed Gustav to defeat Gabriel and end their feud.

#### The Last Dance

After the 20 Typa 20 Broni Rumble Match in the main event of Teraz Albo Nigdy, [Goblin](@/w/goblin.md) became the #1 Contender for the PpW Championship at [Ledwo Legalne 5](@/e/ppw/2025-06-07-ppw-ledwo-legalne-5.md). The match was named "The Last Dance" due to it being the third official match between Goblin and Gustav.

At [Ostatnia Prosta](@/e/ppw/2025-04-30-ppw-ostatnia-prosta.md), the run-up show to Ledwo Legalne 5, Gustav and Goblin sat down in the ring for a contract signing. Gustav selected the stipulation for their upcoming match: Three Stages of Hell, starting with a Classic Wrestling Match, transitioning to a No Holds Barred Match after the first pin or submission. The third stage could only be won by knocking out the opponent. Gustav won the first segment, becoming increasingly brutal in the following ones, but was knocked out with a table spot from a high vantage point over the entrance ramp, and lost his Championship to Goblin after exactly one year.

#### Face Turn

After his devastating loss Gustav went into a downfall spiral, losing all of his confidence. He grew tired of the constant abuse from fellow Zmowa members, which was hinted at [Hardcore Friday Turniej TypeShit](@/e/ppw/2025-08-15-ppw-hardcore-friday-turniej-typeshit.md), where he tried to stop Zmowa's attack on the defeated Bartosz Plata. Despite Mister Z assuring everyone that Zmowa is fine, the whole story concluded at [Mistrzowskie Rozdanie 2](@/e/ppw/2025-09-20-ppw-mistrzowskie-rozdanie-2.md), when Gustav finally broke down and attacked Marco and Mister Z, turning face for the first time in his PpW career.

Furious, the PpW producer started his punishment campaign against Gustav by putting him in a Gauntlet Match with potential Zmowa recruits at [Wjazd Na Rewir](@/e/ppw/2025-10-24-ppw-wjazd-na-rewir.md). Even though Gustav managed to beat numerous wrestlers such as [Asara](@/w/asara.md), [Max Speed](@/w/max-speed.md) and [Tony Sheen](@/w/riverman.md), he was ultimately defeated by his former leader who entered the match after all of his minions failed to punish Gustav. The former Zmowa member retaliated by intervening in the main event and preventing Mister Z from winning the PpW Championship from Goblin's hands, which led to Zmowa vs Gustav & [GobLis](@/tt/goblis.md) match at [Surowy Klimat](@/e/ppw/2025-11-08-ppw-surowy-klimat.md). The whole babyface team was clearly frustrated with the fact that after such a long rivalry, they had to cooperate. During that match this frustration reached the boiling point, when [Axel Fox](@/w/axel-fox.md) turned on Goblin and Gustav, costing them the match, and joined Zmowa.

### Maniac Zone Wrestling (2023-present)

Gustav made his debut in [Maniac Zone Wrestling](@/o/mzw.md) at the joint show [MZW+PpW Żadnych Granic](@/e/mzw/2023-09-23-mzw_ppw-zadnych-granic.md), where he defeated Chris Cage in a Singles Match.
He later made another appearance over a year later at the next MZW show, [No Time to Die](@/e/mzw/2024-10-12-mzw-no-time-to-die.md), where he successfully defended his PpW Championship against [Sambor](@/w/sambor.md). In contrast to his PpW reception, in MZW he is portrayed as a babyface persona without any dramatic changes to his gimmick.

At [Green Madness](@/e/mzw/2025-06-28-mzw-green-madness.md) Gustav advanced to the tournament finals by defeating [Febus "The Wolf"](@/w/apollo-anderson.md). In the main event of the show he took part in said Tournament Final Ladder Match for the PpW/MZW Championship opportunity briefcase. However, he was unable to win due to Mister Z's opportunistic attack.

### Legacy of Wrestling (2024-present)

In November 2024 Gustav was set to face [Wiktor Longman](@/w/wiktor-longman.md) in a match for the PpW Championship at [Legacy of Wrestling's](@/o/low.md) [first show](@/e/low/2024-12-01-low-1.md). Following Wiktor's withdrawal due to personal reasons, Gustav's opponent was changed to [Axel Fox](@/w/axel-fox.md). Despite initially being ruled as Axel's victory via pinfall, the match was restarted after [Sinister](@/w/sinister.md) pointed out that Gustav's hand was outside of the ring, which went unnoticed by [Referee Sewi](@/w/sedzia-seweryn.md). Legacy's Chairman confirmed this and the match was restarted, with Gustav quickly submitting Axel with a chokehold.

On 22.03.2025 it was announced that Gustav would face Polish-American wrestler Kubes in a "Road to the Title Match" which would take place at [Legacy of Wrestling vol. 2](@/e/low/2025-04-06-low-2.md). Gustav emerged victorious, advancing further in the championship race.

At LoW's [third show](@/e/low/2025-07-11-low-3.md) Gustav teamed up with Olgierd and [Chemik](@/w/chemik.md) to defeat [Syriusz Dziedzic](@/w/dziedzic.md), Sambor and [Bartosz Plata](@/w/plata.md) in a Six-Man Tag Team Match.

## International wrestling appearances

From 2023 onwards Gustav started making numerous appearances at international wrestling scene. He made numerous appearances in Hungary, Sweden and Germany. 

## In wrestling

* Finishers:
  - Ripcord Lariat (2024-)
  - _Gryffin Bomb_ (2023-2025)
  - 11-200 (Angel's Wings) (2025-)
  - Rear Naked Choke (2024-)
  - Texas Cloverleaf (2023)
* Tag Teams and Stables:
  - [Zmowa](@/tt/zmowa.md) (2024-2025)
* Managers:
  - [Osamu](@/w/osamu.md) (2023)
  - [Jakub Linde](@/w/jakub-linde.md) (2024)
* Entrance music:
  - "Fuck It" by xryce
    {{ org_badge(orgs=['ppw', 'mzw']) }} (2023) <br>
    {{ music(yt='6w8dIKv8pNs&ab')}}
    {{ music(spot='4WKfmxi5gWUs4MkYiMcln7')}}
    {{ music(apple='1688771428')}}
  - "Memphis Doom" by Kordhell
    {{ org_badge(orgs=['ppw', 'mzw', 'low']) }} (2024-present) <br>
    {{ music(yt='cJuO985zF8E')}}
    {{ music(spot='0dlz0KoaIE9zaFZNT4XvXn')}}
    {{ music(apple='1591104080?i=1591104084')}}

## Championships and accomplishments

* PpW Ewenement:
  - [PpW Championship](@/c/ppw-championship.md) (1 time)
  - [Złoty Ewenement](@/a/zlote-ewenementy.md) (3 times):
    - Wrestler of the Year (2025)
    - Match of the Year - vs [Goblin](@/w/goblin.md) at [Ledwo Legalne 5](@/e/ppw/2025-06-07-ppw-ledwo-legalne-5.md) (2025)
    - Moment of the Year (2025)

## Internet presence

* [Gustav's Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/gustav.gryffin/)

## References

* [Cagematch profile page](https://www.cagematch.net/?id=2&nr=29108)
