content/w/kinga-miotke.md, before:

+++
title = "Kinga Miotke"
template = "talent_page.html"
authors = ["M3n747", "Sewi The Referee"]
[extra]
toclevel = 2
[taxonomies]
country = ["PL"]
[extra.gallery]
1 = { path = "kinga-miotke-arena-18.jpg", caption = 'Kinga Różańska opens [KPW Arena 18](@/e/kpw/2022-03-18-kpw-arena-18.md).', source = "Migawki z Puszki" }
2 = { path = "kinga-miotke-arena-20.jpg", caption = 'Kinga Miotke opens [KPW Arena 20](@/e/kpw/2022-12-16-kpw-arena-20.md).', source = "M3n747" }
+++

Kinga Miotke is a Polish ring announcer and on-screen personality currently working for [Kombat Pro Wrestling](@/o/kpw.md).

## Basic info

* Years active: 2019-present
* Gimmicks/nicknames:
  - Kinga Miotke {{ org_badge(orgs=['kpw']) }} (2022-)
  - Kinga Różańska {{ org_badge(orgs=['kpw']) }} (2019-2022)
  - Sędzia Kinga {{ org_badge(orgs=['kpw']) }} (2025) - as part-time referee
* Trained by:
  - [Szkoła Wrestlingu KPW](@/o/szkola-kpw.md)

## Professional wrestling career

### Kombat Pro Wrestling (2019-present)

Kinga started out as a trainee in KPW's wrestling school, but had to abandon her trainings due to a neck injury.
Instead of becoming a wrestler, she would conduct backstage interviews and with fans after shows, and eventually she'd take on her role as the ring announcer, starting with [Arena 14](@/e/kpw/2019-06-15-kpw-arena-14.md), taking over from [Arek Pawłowski](@/w/pan-pawlowski.md) who left after [Arena 13](@/e/kpw/2019-04-05-kpw-arena-13.md).
At first, she appeared under the ring name "Kinga Różańska", but beginning with [Godzina Zero 2022](@/e/kpw/2022-09-17-kpw-godzina-zero-2022.md) she started using her real name, Kinga Miotke.
She is the first and, as of 2025, the only female announcer on the Polish wrestling scene.

After [Rosetti](@/w/rosetti.md) took over KPW as "acting chairman", he enforced numerous changes starting from [KPW Arena 27](@/e/kpw/2025-01-24-kpw-arena-27.md).
Kinga was relieved of her ring announcing duties, and replaced by [Piotr Opolski](@/w/piotr-opolski.md). Instead, she was appointed the referee for the show, while [Krystian Czekaj](@/w/krystian-czekaj.md) (KPW's usual official) was demoted to the role of technical referee and timekeeper. This was a brief stint, however, as Kinga returned to her usual role with [Arena 29](@/e/kpw/2025-06-20-kpw-arena-29.md).

## In wrestling

* Entrance music:
  - "Stand or Fall" by Bonfire
    {{ org_badge(orgs=['kpw']) }} (2019-present) <br>
    {{ music(yt='LC6A9ugveb0')}}
    {{ music(spot='6eQNoIwGlYci4zQvuF3BOa')}}
    {{ music(apple='1351853605?i=1351853946')}}

## References

- [Café Bianca - Odcinek #6](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=khdgqlnAVPo) (an interview with Kinga, in Polish)

Commit message:

Kinga - mały update (#2314)
* Kinga - mały update

* Przeredagowane zdanie

* Update kinga-miotke.md

content/w/kinga-miotke.md, after:

+++
title = "Kinga Miotke"
template = "talent_page.html"
authors = ["M3n747", "Sewi The Referee"]
[extra]
toclevel = 2
[taxonomies]
country = ["PL"]
[extra.gallery]
1 = { path = "kinga-miotke-arena-18.jpg", caption = 'Kinga Różańska opens [KPW Arena 18](@/e/kpw/2022-03-18-kpw-arena-18.md).', source = "Migawki z Puszki" }
2 = { path = "kinga-miotke-arena-20.jpg", caption = 'Kinga Miotke opens [KPW Arena 20](@/e/kpw/2022-12-16-kpw-arena-20.md).', source = "M3n747" }
+++

Kinga Miotke is a Polish ring announcer and on-screen personality currently working for [Kombat Pro Wrestling](@/o/kpw.md).

## Basic info

* Years active: 2019-present
* Gimmicks/nicknames:
  - Kinga Miotke {{ org_badge(orgs=['kpw']) }} (2022-)
  - Kinga Różańska {{ org_badge(orgs=['kpw']) }} (2019-2022)
  - Sędzia Kinga {{ org_badge(orgs=['kpw']) }} (2025) - as part-time referee
* Trained by:
  - [Szkoła Wrestlingu KPW](@/o/szkola-kpw.md)

## Professional wrestling career

### Kombat Pro Wrestling (2019-present)

Kinga started out as a trainee in KPW's wrestling school, but had to abandon her trainings due to a neck injury.
Instead of becoming a wrestler, she would conduct backstage interviews and with fans after shows, and eventually she'd take on her role as the ring announcer, starting with [Arena 14](@/e/kpw/2019-06-15-kpw-arena-14.md), taking over from [Arek Pawłowski](@/w/pan-pawlowski.md) who left after [Arena 13](@/e/kpw/2019-04-05-kpw-arena-13.md).
At first, she appeared under the ring name "Kinga Różańska", but beginning with [Godzina Zero 2022](@/e/kpw/2022-09-17-kpw-godzina-zero-2022.md) she started using her real name, Kinga Miotke.
While not the first female announcer on the Polish wrestling scene - she was preempted by Karolina Wensierska at [Arena 4](@/e/kpw/2016-11-26-kpw-arena-4.md) and Edyta Świerczyńska at [DDW](@/e/ddw/2010-05-08-ddw-all-or-nothing.md) - as of 2026, Kinga remains the only one.

After [Rosetti](@/w/rosetti.md) took over KPW as "acting chairman", he enforced numerous changes starting from [KPW Arena 27](@/e/kpw/2025-01-24-kpw-arena-27.md).
Kinga was relieved of her ring announcing duties, and replaced by [Piotr Opolski](@/w/piotr-opolski.md). Instead, she was appointed the referee for the show, while [Krystian Czekaj](@/w/krystian-czekaj.md) (KPW's usual official) was demoted to the role of technical referee and timekeeper. This was a brief stint, however, as Kinga returned to her usual role with [Arena 29](@/e/kpw/2025-06-20-kpw-arena-29.md).

## In wrestling

* Entrance music:
  - "Stand or Fall" by Bonfire
    {{ org_badge(orgs=['kpw']) }} (2019-present) <br>
    {{ music(yt='LC6A9ugveb0')}}
    {{ music(spot='6eQNoIwGlYci4zQvuF3BOa')}}
    {{ music(apple='1351853605?i=1351853946')}}

## References

- [Café Bianca - Odcinek #6](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=khdgqlnAVPo) (an interview with Kinga, in Polish)
