content/w/manny.md, before:

+++
title = "Manny"
template = "talent_page.html"
authors = ["Sewi The Referee"]
[extra]
toclevel = 2
[taxonomies]
country = ["PL"]
+++

Manny is a retired Polish backyard wrestler known for his time in [Polish Xtreme Wrestling](@/o/pxw.md).

## Basic info

* Years active: 2011-2013
* Gimmicks/nicknames:
  - Manny {{ org_badge(orgs=['pxw']) }}

## Professional wrestling career

### Polish Xtreme Wrestling (2011-2013)

Manny made his debut in Głuchołazy-based backyard federation [Polish Xtreme Wrestling](@/o/pxw.md) in mid-2011. Not much information survives to this day, but it is known that during his time in PXW he made at least 13 appearances and won multiple championships. He held the PXW Championship, ECW Championship and PXW Hardcore Championship at least one time each. He most likely retired after PXW folded its operations in the second half of 2013.

## In wrestling

* Finishers:
  - F-5 (2011-2013)
* Entrance music:
  - "Animal I Have Become" by Three Days Grace
    {{ org_badge(orgs=['pxw']) }} (2011-2013) <br>
    {{ music(yt='xqds0B_meys')}}
    {{ music(spot='56sk7jBpZV0CD31G9hEU3b')}}
    {{ music(apple='1308586562?i=1308586995')}}

 ## Championships and accomplishments

 * [Polish Xtreme Wrestling](@/o/pxw.md):
   - PXW Championship (1 time)
   - ECW Championship (1 time)
   - PXW Hardcore Championship (1 time)

Commit message:

MZW Beatdown 2016 update (#1948)
* MZW Beatdown 2016 update

* Cudzysłów

* Update'u ciąg dalszy

* c.d.

* Zbędny myślnik

* Update c.d.

* c.d., + update Revolucjon od razu

* Zdjęcia

* Foty c.d.

* I ostatnia porcja

* Drobne technikalia

* Niezamierzenie ukryty plik

* Rozbieżność nazw

content/w/manny.md, after:

+++
title = "Manny"
template = "talent_page.html"
authors = ["Sewi The Referee", "M3n747"]
[extra]
toclevel = 2
[taxonomies]
country = ["PL"]
+++

Manny is a retired Polish backyard wrestler known for his time in [Polish Xtreme Wrestling](@/o/pxw.md).

## Basic info

* Years active: 2011-2013
* Gimmicks/nicknames:
  - Manny {{ org_badge(orgs=['pxw']) }}

## Professional wrestling career

### Polish Xtreme Wrestling (2011-2013)

Manny made his debut in Głuchołazy-based backyard federation [Polish Xtreme Wrestling](@/o/pxw.md) in mid-2011. Not much information survives to this day, but it is known that during his time in PXW he made at least 13 appearances and won multiple championships. He held the PXW Championship, ECW Championship and PXW Hardcore Championship at least one time each. He most likely retired after PXW folded its operations in the second half of 2013.

### Maniac Zone Wrestling (2016)

Manny appeared at [MZW Beatdown](@/e/mzw/2016-05-14-mzw-beatdown.md) as the referee.

## In wrestling

* Finishers:
  - F-5 (2011-2013)
* Entrance music:
  - "Animal I Have Become" by Three Days Grace
    {{ org_badge(orgs=['pxw']) }} (2011-2013) <br>
    {{ music(yt='xqds0B_meys')}}
    {{ music(spot='56sk7jBpZV0CD31G9hEU3b')}}
    {{ music(apple='1308586562?i=1308586995')}}

## Championships and accomplishments

 * [Polish Xtreme Wrestling](@/o/pxw.md):
   - PXW Championship (1 time)
   - ECW Championship (1 time)
   - PXW Hardcore Championship (1 time)
