content/w/olgierd.md, before:

+++
title = "Olgierd"
template = "talent_page.html"
authors = ["Sewi The Referee"]
[extra]
toclevel = 2
[taxonomies]
country = ["PL"]
[extra.gallery]
1 = { path = "olgierd-ptw6.jpg", caption = "Olgierd's entrance, [Total Blast from the Past](@/e/ptw/2024-05-11-ptw-6.md).", source = "Official PTW YouTube" }
2 = { path = "sedzia-olgierd.jpg", caption = "Olgierd acting as a referee at [Brutality '17](@/e/ppw/2017-03-25-ppw-brutality-17.md).", source = "Official PpW YouTube" }
+++

Olgierd - previously known as Krueger, Hades and El Ogre - is a Polish wrestler currently performing in [PpW Ewenement](@/o/ppw.md), [Legacy of Wrestling](@/o/low.md) and [Maniac Zone Wrestling](@/o/mzw.md). He also worked for [Prime Time Wrestling](@/o/ptw.md).

## Basic info

* Years active: 2016-present
* Gimmicks/nicknames:
  - Krueger {{ org_badge(org='mzw') }}
  - Hades {{ org_badge(org='ppw') }} (later also as Olgierd)
  - Olgierd {{ org_badge(orgs=['ptw', 'low']) }}
  - El Ogre {{ org_badge(orgs=['ptw', 'ppw']) }} (masked)
* Trained by:
  - [Polska Akademia Wrestlingu](@/o/paw.md) (2018-2021)
  - [PTW Academy](@/o/ptw-academy.md) (2021-2024)
  - [Ewenement Dojo](@/o/ewenement-dojo.md) (2024-)

## Professional wrestling career

### PpW Ewenement (2016-2018)

Today's Olgierd debuted as Hades in PpW back in 2016, when the organization was merely a backyard wrestling project.
During his two-year run, he competed against the likes of [Mister Z](@/w/mister-z.md),
[Feager](@/w/feager.md) or [Rob Scaffold](@/w/rob-scaffold.md).
At that time, as a member of the "Hardcore Friday" roster, his specialty was hardcore matches.

### Maniac Zone Wrestling and occasionally PpW (2018-2021)

Olgierd started training in Maniac Zone Wrestling's academy in 2018, joining their summer camp in Wrocław, and suspending his PpW membership.
In late 2018 and early 2019, he was one of the founding members of [The Greens](@/tt/zieloni.md).
Officially debuting at [Project 6: Death & Glory](@/e/mzw/2019-08-24-mzw-project-6-death-and-glory.md) in a Rookie Battle Royal, he was eliminated by Ring Rat (later to become [Ref Seweryn](@/w/sedzia-seweryn.md)).
As Krueger, he also appeared at [Project 7: Golden Road](@/e/mzw/2020-01-18-mzw-project-7-golden-road.md) and the pandemic-era [Project Basement](@/e/project-basement.md) recordings.
His last appearance was at [Project 8: Golden Road Finals](@/e/mzw/2021-08-14-mzw-project-8-golden-road-finals.md), facing against [Isnorr](@/w/isnorr.md) and Deti Black in a Triple Threat Match.

After a couple of months, on October 29th 2021, Olgierd officially quit MZW, during the so-called "Green Revolution", when multiple talent left the organization on the very same day. Aside from Olgierd, they were [Rafael Kid](@/w/rafael-kid.md), [Madman Charlie](@/w/madman-charlie.md), [Isnorr](@/w/isnorr.md), [Referee Seweryn](@/w/sedzia-seweryn.md) and [Aron Wake](@/w/aron-wake.md).

### First return to PpW (2021)

Thanks to the pandemic-induced break in MZW's schedule, Olgierd was able to return to PpW for two appearances. The first one was at [Ledwo Legalne](@/e/ppw/2021-06-12-ppw-ledwo-legalne.md) as Hades in a hardcore match against [Johnny Blade](@/w/johnny-blade.md), and in several showcase matches at [Poznań Supershow](@/e/ppw/2021-07-30-ppw-poznan-supershow.md).

### Prime Time Wrestling (2021-2024)

#### Debut

The former Hades joined the newly created [Prime Time Wrestling](@/o/ptw.md) soon after leaving MZW, and continued his training with them.
He debuted at [PTW Underground 13](@/e/ptw/2023-03-26-ptw-underground-13.md), facing the veteran [Robert Star](@/w/robert-star.md), adopting the gimmick of Olgierd, a hard-headed hooligan ready to fight anybody at a moment's notice.

#### Formation of Legia Łysych

This new character was quickly paired with [Marco Hammers](@/w/marco-hammers.md), and a valet/kayfabe girlfriend Karyna, into a team named "Legia Łysych" (roughly _Legion of the Bald_, but heavily leaning into Polish football fan scene - Legia is the name of Warsaw's football team).
Again he was able to show his prowess in hardcore-style matches - two of his top bouts were Street Fights, one against [Gabriel Queen](@/w/gabriel-queen.md) at [Underground 17](@/e/ptw/2023-09-03-ptw-underground-17.md), and another, Christmas-themed street fight against [Axel Fox](@/w/axel-fox.md) at [Underground 19](@/e/ptw/2023-12-09-ptw-underground-19.md).
Besides that, Olgierd was one of the participants of the [Gold Rush Rumble](@/e/ptw/2024-02-03-ptw-5-gold-rush.md), where the winner became PTW's inaugural singles champion. As Legia with Marco, they co-main evented [Total Blast From The Past](@/e/ptw/2024-05-11-ptw-6.md) in an Intergender Tag Team Match against [Diana Strong](@/w/diana-strong.md) and British wrestler Heidi Katrina.

After Total Blast From The Past, Olgierd, Marco and numerous other talent [left PTW](@/a/ptw-exits.md), but choose not to make that information public right away.

### Second return to PpW (2024-present)

#### Return as Olgierd & joining "Zmowa"

Olgierd and Hammers, teaming together as Legia Łysych returned to PpW during [Ledwo Legalne IV](@/e/ppw/2024-06-08-ppw-ledwo-legalne-4.md), in a surprise appearance, answering a challenge laid out by Pure Gold ([Gabriel Queen](@/w/gabriel-queen.md) and [Vic Golden](@/w/vic-golden.md)).
While Pure Gold were taunting Legia on their social media channels before the event, fans didn't take this for anything but a provocation against PTW.
Legia, up until the very last moment, appeared to remain committed to PTW, themselves feuding with [Vincent Caravaggio](@/w/vincent-caravaggio.md) and defending a joke "[Intergender Championship](@/c/ptw-intergender-championship.md)" belt made of cardboard.
They were victorious in their unexpected debut, and an official confirmation of joining the PpW roster followed soon.
Shortly after his return to PpW he joined ["Zmowa"](@/tt/zmowa.md), a villainous faction led by [Mister Z](@/w/mister-z.md), fighting against PpW's top babyfaces both in tag team & in solo action.

#### Feud with Goblin

After Olgierd's humiliating defeat in the Ustawka Match at [Co Za Noc](@/e/ppw/2024-10-26-ppw-co-za-noc.md), he began to hold a grudge against [Goblin](@/w/goblin.md). In a post-show interview he vowed to destroy Goblin and make him "his bitch". Goblin responded by publishing a promo in which he likened it to a fictional scenario where Władysław Jagiełło and Ulrich von Jungingen face off for the [Battle of Grunwald][zielony-las], only to be met with Genghis Khan interfering - in this case, the "stupid Mongolian" would be Olgierd. He dared Olgierd to make good on his promises to "end" Goblin.

At [Gruba Przesada](@/e/ppw/2025-01-25-ppw-gruba-przesada.md) Goblin intervened in the Six-Man Tag Team Match of Mister Z and Legia Łysych against Axel Fox and The Hardcores (Johnny Blade and Biesiad Strong). Goblin attacked Olgierd and dragged him out of the arena on a dog leash. At [Hardcore Friday 21.000](@/e/ppw/2025-02-21-ppw-hardcore-friday.md) a similar situation emerged, when Goblin attacked Olgierd, put him in a dog collar and chained him to a turnbuckle. This build-up led to their match at [Teraz Albo Nigdy](@/e/ppw/2025-03-15-ppw-teraz-albo-nigdy.md), with the stipulation being a Dog Collar Match - the first one in Polish wrestling's history. Goblin was, however, defeated by the Hooligan.

#### Feud with Axel Fox

During a post-match interview following the 20 Typa 20 Broni Match, Axel was attacked by Olgierd, trying to finish off another babyface who opposed him and Zmowa. [Legia Łysych](@/tt/legia-lysych.md) faced GobLis in a Tornado Tag Team Match at [Ostatnia Prosta](@/e/ppw/2025-04-30-ppw-ostatnia-prosta.md), in which Olgierd and Marco were defeated. Despite that, Olgierd continued to torment Polish Fox in different ways, such as coming into Ewenement Dojo to bully various rookies before Axel made a save, stating that he is not scared of bullies such as Olgierd, who was known to do that back when they were both trainees in MZW. This led to their match at [Ledwo Legalne 5](@/e/ppw/2025-06-07-ppw-ledwo-legalne-5.md), which ended with Olgierd once again standing tall over defeated Fox.

#### Cracks in Zmowa

After Gustav Gryffin failed to defend his [PpW Championship](@/c/ppw-championship.md) against the "Acid Messiah" Goblin at Ledwo Legalne 5, Zmowa was furious. Gustav's downfall spiralled out of control, resulting in Mister Z losing all of his respect for him. During that time Gustav suffered constant bullying from all of Zmowa members, especially when Olgierd leapt over him in Z's hierarchy, making himself the new Zmowa prospect. At [Turniej TypeShit](@/e/ppw/2025-07-05-ppw-turniej-typeshit.md) Olgierd defeated Johnny Blade and secured his spot in a Total Elimination Fatal 4-Way Match to determine the new contender for the PpW Championship. The match took place at [Mistrzowskie Rozdanie 2](@/e/ppw/2025-09-20-ppw-mistrzowskie-rozdanie-2.md), where Olgierd managed to be a runner-up, but after Biesiad's kamikadze dive onto a pyramid of tables, Olgierd was pinned and lost his opportunity to face Goblin. In a post-match interview the furious Olgierd seemed to care more about Gustav's betrayal of Zmowa, which took place earlier at that show. He vowed to take everything from the ex-Zmowa member in the nearest future. He got his revenge on both Gustav and Goblin at [Surowy Klimat](@/e/ppw/2025-11-08-ppw-surowy-klimat.md), where he was the one to pin Goblin after his friend, [Axel Fox](@/w/axel-fox.md), finally turned on him and joined Zmowa as a new member. Pinning Goblin granted Olgierd an opportunity to face the PpW Champion in a Chain God Realm Match. 

### Return to Maniac Zone Wrestling (2024-present)

In October 2024 he - alongside [Sewi](@/w/sedzia-seweryn.md) and [Aron Wake](@/w/aron-wake.md) - returned to [Maniac Zone Wrestling](@/o/mzw.md) at their show [No Time To Die](@/e/mzw/2024-10-12-mzw-no-time-to-die.md), which marked the first time since 2021 when members of ["The Greens"](@/tt/zieloni.md) made their appearance at an MZW show. At [MZW Forever](@/e/mzw/2025-03-29-mzw-forever.md) Legia Łysych defeated [Syriusz Dziedzic](@/w/dziedzic.md) and [Jędruś Bułecka](@/w/jedrus-bulecka.md) in a Tag Team Match.

### Legacy of Wrestling (2024-present)

In November 2024 it was announced that Olgierd would face [Biesiad Strong](@/w/biesiad.md) in a "PpW Rules Match" at [Legacy of Wrestling's](@/o/low.md) [first show](@/e/low/2024-12-01-low-1.md). He was defeated by Biesiad in that match. He intervened in a match between his partner Marco Hammers and [Filip Fux](@/w/filip-fux.md) later the same night, which led to Legia Łysych vs Bracia Fux at [LoW vol.2](@/e/low/2025-04-06-low-2.md), in which they were defeated by the reigning and defending [KPW Tag Team Champions](@/c/kpw-tag-team-championship.md).

## International wrestling appearances

From 2024 onwards Olgierd began to take bookings at the European independent circuit. He started making rather regular appearances in Austria, Hungary and Germany, sometimes working with his Legia Łysych partner, Marco Hammers.

## In wrestling

* Finishers:
  - Swinging Reverse STO (2016-2020)
  - "Żyleta" / Tombstone Piledriver (2016; 2025-)
  - _Braindead_ (Running Cartwheel Headbutt) (2021-)
* Tag Teams and stables:
  - [Legia Łysych](@/tt/legia-lysych.md) (2023-)
  - [Zmowa](@/tt/zmowa.md) (2024-)
* Entrance music:
  - "Początek końca" by Słoń/Mikser feat. Tomasz Struszczyk
    {{ org_badge(orgs=['mzw', 'ppw']) }} (2019-2021, as Hades and Krueger)<br>
    {{ music(yt='S3UMz_OK3mg')}}
    {{ music(spot='02JLJi7sryFu44hhNWOv1c')}}
    {{ music(apple='1509932137?i=1509932139')}}
  - "Sicario" by Słoń feat. Szpaku
    {{ org_badge(orgs=['ptw', 'ppw', 'mzw', 'low']) }} (2023-)<br>
    {{ music(yt='pE0DdJf-tSo')}}
    {{ music(spot='7Lys2P5pmqfrF3sKivfB6q')}}
    {{ music(apple='1437914014?i=1437914180')}}
  - "Fopa i Nietakt" by Słoń/Mikser, feat. WSRH
    {{ org_badge(orgs=['ptw', 'ppw']) }} (2023-present, in tag team with [Marco Hammers](@/w/marco-hammers.md))<br>
    {{ music(yt='jt_2gXNBlqU')}}
    {{ music(spot='1OxIrwfSDCCYRWXAmcpM5g')}}
    {{ music(apple='1509575453?i=1509575457')}}
  - "Slasher" by Słoń/Mikser
    {{ org_badge(orgs=['low', 'ppw']) }} (2025-present)<br>
    {{ music(yt='spq7KCQWCO4')}}
    {{ music(spot='2g7P4WCl03MsyXN9zw9nZ2')}}
    {{ music(apple='750848937?i=750848967')}}

## Championships and accomplishments

* [PpW Ewenement](@/o/ppw.md):

  _Backyard Era Championships_:
  - PpW YouTube Championship (1 time; inaugural)

## Internet presence 

* [Olgierd's Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/olgierdogthewrestler)
* [Olgierd's Facebook profile](https://www.facebook.com/p/Olgierd-OG-Wrestler-100091558981931)

## References

* [Cagematch profile page](https://www.cagematch.net/?id=2&nr=24693)
* [Wayback Machine version of his PpW Wiki profile](https://web.archive.org/web/20230821192019/https://ppwofficial.fandom.com/pl/wiki/Hades)
* [Profile on the restored PpW Wiki](http://ppw-fandom.tpwres.pl/hades)

[zielony-las]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Battle_of_Grunwald

Commit message:

Post-show update for Smak Krwi (#2196)
* Post-show update for Smak Krwi

* New champ, minor additions to the event article

* Olgierd's new gear, tag team match details

* Fix link to venue

* Goblin, Olgierd, Zmowa

* Johnny vs Marco - too many dashes

* Lost a Gabriel

* Korekta

* Korekta

* Korekta

* Koreka

* Korekta

* Autor

* More on Goblin dog

* Korekta

---------

Co-authored-by: M3n747 <115824993+M3n747@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: iwulOG <155029200+iwulOG@users.noreply.github.com>

content/w/olgierd.md, after:

+++
title = "Olgierd"
template = "talent_page.html"
authors = ["Sewi The Referee", "Krzysztof Zych"]
[extra]
toclevel = 2
[taxonomies]
country = ["PL"]
[extra.gallery]
1 = { path = "olgierd-ptw6.jpg", caption = "Olgierd's entrance, [Total Blast from the Past](@/e/ptw/2024-05-11-ptw-6.md).", source = "Official PTW YouTube" }
2 = { path = "sedzia-olgierd.jpg", caption = "Olgierd acting as a referee at [Brutality '17](@/e/ppw/2017-03-25-ppw-brutality-17.md).", source = "Official PpW YouTube" }
+++

Olgierd - previously known as Krueger, Hades and El Ogre - is a Polish wrestler currently performing in [PpW Ewenement](@/o/ppw.md), [Legacy of Wrestling](@/o/low.md) and [Maniac Zone Wrestling](@/o/mzw.md). He also worked for [Prime Time Wrestling](@/o/ptw.md).

## Basic info

* Years active: 2016-present
* Gimmicks/nicknames:
  - Krueger {{ org_badge(org='mzw') }}
  - Hades {{ org_badge(org='ppw') }} (later also as Olgierd)
  - Olgierd {{ org_badge(orgs=['ptw', 'low']) }}
  - El Ogre {{ org_badge(orgs=['ptw', 'ppw']) }} (masked)
* Trained by:
  - [Polska Akademia Wrestlingu](@/o/paw.md) (2018-2021)
  - [PTW Academy](@/o/ptw-academy.md) (2021-2024)
  - [Ewenement Dojo](@/o/ewenement-dojo.md) (2024-)

## Professional wrestling career

### PpW Ewenement (2016-2018)

Today's Olgierd debuted as Hades in PpW back in 2016, when the organization was merely a backyard wrestling project.
During his two-year run, he competed against the likes of [Mister Z](@/w/mister-z.md),
[Feager](@/w/feager.md) or [Rob Scaffold](@/w/rob-scaffold.md).
At that time, as a member of the "Hardcore Friday" roster, his specialty was hardcore matches.

### Maniac Zone Wrestling and occasionally PpW (2018-2021)

Olgierd started training in Maniac Zone Wrestling's academy in 2018, joining their summer camp in Wrocław, and suspending his PpW membership.
In late 2018 and early 2019, he was one of the founding members of [The Greens](@/tt/zieloni.md).
Officially debuting at [Project 6: Death & Glory](@/e/mzw/2019-08-24-mzw-project-6-death-and-glory.md) in a Rookie Battle Royal, he was eliminated by Ring Rat (later to become [Ref Seweryn](@/w/sedzia-seweryn.md)).
As Krueger, he also appeared at [Project 7: Golden Road](@/e/mzw/2020-01-18-mzw-project-7-golden-road.md) and the pandemic-era [Project Basement](@/e/project-basement.md) recordings.
His last appearance was at [Project 8: Golden Road Finals](@/e/mzw/2021-08-14-mzw-project-8-golden-road-finals.md), facing against [Isnorr](@/w/isnorr.md) and Deti Black in a Triple Threat Match.

After a couple of months, on October 29th 2021, Olgierd officially quit MZW, during the so-called "Green Revolution", when multiple talent left the organization on the very same day. Aside from Olgierd, they were [Rafael Kid](@/w/rafael-kid.md), [Madman Charlie](@/w/madman-charlie.md), [Isnorr](@/w/isnorr.md), [Referee Seweryn](@/w/sedzia-seweryn.md) and [Aron Wake](@/w/aron-wake.md).

### First return to PpW (2021)

Thanks to the pandemic-induced break in MZW's schedule, Olgierd was able to return to PpW for two appearances. The first one was at [Ledwo Legalne](@/e/ppw/2021-06-12-ppw-ledwo-legalne.md) as Hades in a hardcore match against [Johnny Blade](@/w/johnny-blade.md), and in several showcase matches at [Poznań Supershow](@/e/ppw/2021-07-30-ppw-poznan-supershow.md).

### Prime Time Wrestling (2021-2024)

#### Debut

The former Hades joined the newly created [Prime Time Wrestling](@/o/ptw.md) soon after leaving MZW, and continued his training with them.
He debuted at [PTW Underground 13](@/e/ptw/2023-03-26-ptw-underground-13.md), facing the veteran [Robert Star](@/w/robert-star.md), adopting the gimmick of Olgierd, a hard-headed hooligan ready to fight anybody at a moment's notice.

#### Formation of Legia Łysych

This new character was quickly paired with [Marco Hammers](@/w/marco-hammers.md), and a valet/kayfabe girlfriend Karyna, into a team named "Legia Łysych" (roughly _Legion of the Bald_, but heavily leaning into Polish football fan scene - Legia is the name of Warsaw's football team).
Again he was able to show his prowess in hardcore-style matches - two of his top bouts were Street Fights, one against [Gabriel Queen](@/w/gabriel-queen.md) at [Underground 17](@/e/ptw/2023-09-03-ptw-underground-17.md), and another, Christmas-themed street fight against [Axel Fox](@/w/axel-fox.md) at [Underground 19](@/e/ptw/2023-12-09-ptw-underground-19.md).
Besides that, Olgierd was one of the participants of the [Gold Rush Rumble](@/e/ptw/2024-02-03-ptw-5-gold-rush.md), where the winner became PTW's inaugural singles champion. As Legia with Marco, they co-main evented [Total Blast From The Past](@/e/ptw/2024-05-11-ptw-6.md) in an Intergender Tag Team Match against [Diana Strong](@/w/diana-strong.md) and British wrestler Heidi Katrina.

After Total Blast From The Past, Olgierd, Marco and numerous other talent [left PTW](@/a/ptw-exits.md), but choose not to make that information public right away.

### Second return to PpW (2024-present)

#### Return as Olgierd & joining "Zmowa"

Olgierd and Hammers, teaming together as Legia Łysych returned to PpW during [Ledwo Legalne IV](@/e/ppw/2024-06-08-ppw-ledwo-legalne-4.md), in a surprise appearance, answering a challenge laid out by Pure Gold ([Gabriel Queen](@/w/gabriel-queen.md) and [Vic Golden](@/w/vic-golden.md)).
While Pure Gold were taunting Legia on their social media channels before the event, fans didn't take this for anything but a provocation against PTW.
Legia, up until the very last moment, appeared to remain committed to PTW, themselves feuding with [Vincent Caravaggio](@/w/vincent-caravaggio.md) and defending a joke "[Intergender Championship](@/c/ptw-intergender-championship.md)" belt made of cardboard.
They were victorious in their unexpected debut, and an official confirmation of joining the PpW roster followed soon.
Shortly after his return to PpW he joined ["Zmowa"](@/tt/zmowa.md), a villainous faction led by [Mister Z](@/w/mister-z.md), fighting against PpW's top babyfaces both in tag team & in solo action.

#### Feud with Goblin

After Olgierd's humiliating defeat in the Ustawka Match at [Co Za Noc](@/e/ppw/2024-10-26-ppw-co-za-noc.md), he began to hold a grudge against [Goblin](@/w/goblin.md). In a post-show interview he vowed to destroy Goblin and make him "his bitch". Goblin responded by publishing a promo in which he likened it to a fictional scenario where Władysław Jagiełło and Ulrich von Jungingen face off for the [Battle of Grunwald][zielony-las], only to be met with Genghis Khan interfering - in this case, the "stupid Mongolian" would be Olgierd. He dared Olgierd to make good on his promises to "end" Goblin.

At [Gruba Przesada](@/e/ppw/2025-01-25-ppw-gruba-przesada.md) Goblin intervened in the Six-Man Tag Team Match of Mister Z and Legia Łysych against Axel Fox and The Hardcores (Johnny Blade and Biesiad Strong). Goblin attacked Olgierd and dragged him out of the arena on a dog leash. At [Hardcore Friday 21.000](@/e/ppw/2025-02-21-ppw-hardcore-friday.md) a similar situation emerged, when Goblin attacked Olgierd, put him in a dog collar and chained him to a turnbuckle. This build-up led to their match at [Teraz Albo Nigdy](@/e/ppw/2025-03-15-ppw-teraz-albo-nigdy.md), with the stipulation being a Dog Collar Match - the first one in Polish wrestling's history. Goblin was, however, defeated by the Hooligan.

#### Feud with Axel Fox

During a post-match interview following the 20 Typa 20 Broni Match, Axel was attacked by Olgierd, trying to finish off another babyface who opposed him and Zmowa. [Legia Łysych](@/tt/legia-lysych.md) faced GobLis in a Tornado Tag Team Match at [Ostatnia Prosta](@/e/ppw/2025-04-30-ppw-ostatnia-prosta.md), in which Olgierd and Marco were defeated. Despite that, Olgierd continued to torment Polish Fox in different ways, such as coming into Ewenement Dojo to bully various rookies before Axel made a save, stating that he is not scared of bullies such as Olgierd, who was known to do that back when they were both trainees in MZW. This led to their match at [Ledwo Legalne 5](@/e/ppw/2025-06-07-ppw-ledwo-legalne-5.md), which ended with Olgierd once again standing tall over defeated Fox.

#### Cracks in Zmowa

After Gustav Gryffin failed to defend his [PpW Championship](@/c/ppw-championship.md) against the "Acid Messiah" Goblin at Ledwo Legalne 5, Zmowa was furious. Gustav's downfall spiralled out of control, resulting in Mister Z losing all of his respect for him. During that time Gustav suffered constant bullying from all of Zmowa members, especially when Olgierd leapt over him in Z's hierarchy, making himself the new Zmowa prospect. At [Turniej TypeShit](@/e/ppw/2025-07-05-ppw-turniej-typeshit.md) Olgierd defeated Johnny Blade and secured his spot in a Total Elimination Fatal 4-Way Match to determine the new contender for the PpW Championship. The match took place at [Mistrzowskie Rozdanie 2](@/e/ppw/2025-09-20-ppw-mistrzowskie-rozdanie-2.md), where Olgierd managed to be a runner-up, but after Biesiad's kamikadze dive onto a pyramid of tables, Olgierd was pinned and lost his opportunity to face Goblin. In a post-match interview the furious Olgierd seemed to care more about Gustav's betrayal of Zmowa, which took place earlier at that show.
He vowed to take everything from the ex-Zmowa member in the nearest future. He got his revenge on both Gustav and Goblin at [Surowy Klimat](@/e/ppw/2025-11-08-ppw-surowy-klimat.md), where he was the one to pin Goblin after his friend, [Axel Fox](@/w/axel-fox.md), finally turned on him and joined Zmowa as a new member. Pinning Goblin granted Olgierd an opportunity to face the PpW Champion in a Chain God Realm Match.

#### PpW Champion

At [Duch Świąt, Smak Krwi](@/e/ppw/2025-12-06-ppw-duch-swiat-smak-krwi.md), Olgierd faced Goblin in a brutal main event, and managed to capture the title. This ended Goblin's "Unhinged Era", and returned the most important championship belt to Zmowa.

### Return to Maniac Zone Wrestling (2024-present)

In October 2024 he - alongside [Sewi](@/w/sedzia-seweryn.md) and [Aron Wake](@/w/aron-wake.md) - returned to [Maniac Zone Wrestling](@/o/mzw.md) at their show [No Time To Die](@/e/mzw/2024-10-12-mzw-no-time-to-die.md), which marked the first time since 2021 when members of ["The Greens"](@/tt/zieloni.md) made their appearance at an MZW show. At [MZW Forever](@/e/mzw/2025-03-29-mzw-forever.md) Legia Łysych defeated [Syriusz Dziedzic](@/w/dziedzic.md) and [Jędruś Bułecka](@/w/jedrus-bulecka.md) in a Tag Team Match.

### Legacy of Wrestling (2024-present)

In November 2024 it was announced that Olgierd would face [Biesiad Strong](@/w/biesiad.md) in a "PpW Rules Match" at [Legacy of Wrestling's](@/o/low.md) [first show](@/e/low/2024-12-01-low-1.md). He was defeated by Biesiad in that match. He intervened in a match between his partner Marco Hammers and [Filip Fux](@/w/filip-fux.md) later the same night, which led to Legia Łysych vs Bracia Fux at [LoW vol.2](@/e/low/2025-04-06-low-2.md), in which they were defeated by the reigning and defending [KPW Tag Team Champions](@/c/kpw-tag-team-championship.md).

## International wrestling appearances

From 2024 onwards Olgierd began to take bookings at the European independent circuit. He started making rather regular appearances in Austria, Hungary and Germany, sometimes working with his Legia Łysych partner, Marco Hammers.

## In wrestling

* Finishers:
  - Swinging Reverse STO (2016-2020)
  - "Żyleta" / Tombstone Piledriver (2016; 2025-)
  - _Braindead_ (Running Cartwheel Headbutt) (2021-)
* Tag Teams and stables:
  - [Legia Łysych](@/tt/legia-lysych.md) (2023-)
  - [Zmowa](@/tt/zmowa.md) (2024-)
* Entrance music:
  - "Początek końca" by Słoń/Mikser feat. Tomasz Struszczyk
    {{ org_badge(orgs=['mzw', 'ppw']) }} (2019-2021, as Hades and Krueger)<br>
    {{ music(yt='S3UMz_OK3mg')}}
    {{ music(spot='02JLJi7sryFu44hhNWOv1c')}}
    {{ music(apple='1509932137?i=1509932139')}}
  - "Sicario" by Słoń feat. Szpaku
    {{ org_badge(orgs=['ptw', 'ppw', 'mzw', 'low']) }} (2023-)<br>
    {{ music(yt='pE0DdJf-tSo')}}
    {{ music(spot='7Lys2P5pmqfrF3sKivfB6q')}}
    {{ music(apple='1437914014?i=1437914180')}}
  - "Fopa i Nietakt" by Słoń/Mikser, feat. WSRH
    {{ org_badge(orgs=['ptw', 'ppw']) }} (2023-present, in tag team with [Marco Hammers](@/w/marco-hammers.md))<br>
    {{ music(yt='jt_2gXNBlqU')}}
    {{ music(spot='1OxIrwfSDCCYRWXAmcpM5g')}}
    {{ music(apple='1509575453?i=1509575457')}}
  - "Slasher" by Słoń/Mikser
    {{ org_badge(orgs=['low', 'ppw']) }} (2025-present)<br>
    {{ music(yt='spq7KCQWCO4')}}
    {{ music(spot='2g7P4WCl03MsyXN9zw9nZ2')}}
    {{ music(apple='750848937?i=750848967')}}

## Championships and accomplishments

* [PpW Ewenement](@/o/ppw.md):

  _Backyard Era Championships_:
  - PpW YouTube Championship (1 time; inaugural)

## Internet presence 

* [Olgierd's Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/olgierdogthewrestler)
* [Olgierd's Facebook profile](https://www.facebook.com/p/Olgierd-OG-Wrestler-100091558981931)

## References

* [Cagematch profile page](https://www.cagematch.net/?id=2&nr=24693)
* [Wayback Machine version of his PpW Wiki profile](https://web.archive.org/web/20230821192019/https://ppwofficial.fandom.com/pl/wiki/Hades)
* [Profile on the restored PpW Wiki](http://ppw-fandom.tpwres.pl/hades)

[zielony-las]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Battle_of_Grunwald
