content/w/pan-pawlowski.md, before:

+++
title = 'Arkadiusz Pawłowski'
template = "talent_page.html"
authors = ["M3n747", "Krzysztof Zych", "Sewi The Referee"]
[extra]
toclevel = 2
[taxonomies]
country = ["PL"]
[extra.gallery]
1 = { path = "pan-pawlowski.jpg", caption = "Promo shot of Arek Pawłowski.", source = "Pawłowski's Facebook" }
2 = { path = "pan-pawlowski-gold-rush.jpg", caption = "Pawłowski's entrance at [Gold Rush](@/e/ptw/2024-02-03-ptw-5-gold-rush.md).", source = "Official PTW Facebook" }
3 = { path = "roe.png", caption = "Rings of Europe announces Pawłowski as their ring announcer for Summer Crush.", source = "Official RoE Facebook", skip_art = true }
+++

Arkadiusz "Pan" Pawłowski is a Polish wrestling announcer and promoter. Since 2021 he also became co-founder and owner of [Prime Time Wrestling](@/o/ptw.md). Prior to that he worked for [Kombat Pro Wrestling](@/o/kpw.md), and [Do Or Die Wrestling](@/o/ddw.md). Outside of his wrestling career, Pawłowski was also involved with several Polish freak-fight MMA organizations as their announcer, and performed stand-up comedy.

## Basic info

* Years active: 2012-present
* Gimmicks/nicknames:
  - Fatman {{ org_badge(orgs=['ddw']) }} (December 2012)
  - Arkadiusz "Pan" Pawłowski {{ org_badge(orgs=['ddw', 'kpw', 'ptw']) }}
* Trained by:
  - [Don Roid](@/w/don-roid.md)

## Professional wrestling career

### Do Or Die Wrestling (2009-2015)

In 2009 Pawłowski was one of the four people to attend the very first training session of the newly-opened [Do Or Die Wrestling](@/o/ddw.md) (the other three being [Kamil Aleksander](@/w/kamil-aleksander.md), [Klarys](@/w/klarys.md) and Antek from [Istota Wrestlingu][yt-iw]).
He didn't wrestle, however, instead focusing on the role of manager and ring announcer.

In DDW he served as both, and adopted a persona of a heelish, self-important manager. He made his one and only appearance as an in-ring competitor at [DDW Show](@/e/ddw/2014-12-13-ddw-12.md) in December 2014, where he faced [Gracjan Korpo](@/w/gracjan-korpo.md) under the "Fatman" alias.

### Kombat Pro Wrestling (2015-2019)

After DDW folded, he and other former DDW talent opened [Kombat Pro Wrestling](@/o/kpw.md), where Pawłowski continued his duties as ring announcer.
This lasted until 2019's [KPW Arena 13](@/e/kpw/2019-04-05-kpw-arena-13.md), after which he parted ways with the promotion. In 2024, KPW owner and booker [Piękny Kawaler](@/w/piekny-kawaler.md) revealed that it was him who fired Pawłowski from the organization, over creative and personal differences.

### Prime Time Wrestling (2021-present)

#### Creation of PTW

After his departure from KPW, Pawłowski spent the next two years working for Fame MMA, and in the second half of 2021 announced the opening of [Prime Time Wrestling](@/o/ptw.md).
This new promotion was founded together with Marcin "Rzeźnik" Rzeźniczek as co-owner, however Rzeźniczek left after [PTW #5](@/e/ptw/2024-02-03-ptw-5-gold-rush.md), leaving Pawłowski the sole owner.

Between 2021 and 2025, Pawłowski was presented as one of the main faces of the promotion, with his role as a promoter acknowledged on-screen. He typically hosted the shows, did the ring announcing, and made authority figure decisions. It's not uncommon for him to openly comment on match outcomes and wrestlers' behaviour, as well as to be involved in storylines. Most notably, between 2022 and the first half of 2024 he feuded with [John "Bad Bones" Klinger](@/w/bad-bones.md) and [Wiktor Longman](@/w/wiktor-longman.md), who were trying to destroy PTW from the inside.

#### After reboot

Despite numerous controversies - especially after a huge PR crisis following the [2024 talent exodus](@/a/ptw-exits.md) - his PTW persona had continued as a babyface since the promotion started. Pawłowski turned heel for the first time in his PTW run in December 2024 at [PTW Underground 25](@/e/ptw/2024-12-07-ptw-underground-25.md), laying out [Spartan](@/w/spartan.md) with a chair in his [PTW Championship](@/c/ptw-championship.md) match against [Puncher](@/w/puncher.md). After that he justified all of his on- and off-screen actions - past, present or future - attributing it to being done with the "good uncle" persona, and just reverting to being himself.

In addition to his on-screen heel turn, Pawłowski also increased his social media activity, frequently getting into disputes with displeased fans, calling them "piwniczaki" (_basement dwellers_) and shooting at ex-PTW talents, such as various members of ["The Greens"](@/tt/zieloni.md), [Samson](@/w/samson.md) and personnel who left to form [Legacy of Wrestling](@/o/low.md). He also called out owners of other federations, like [Piękny Kawaler](@/w/piekny-kawaler.md) from [KPW](@/o/kpw.md) and [Shadow](@/w/shadow.md) from [MZW](@/o/mzw.md).

At [Nowe Porządki](@/e/ptw/2025-01-11-ptw-nowe-porzadki.md) Pawłowski debuted a new heelish entrance, retiring the dynamic "Throne" and entering surrounded by security from the ever-loyal Grupa Wolf (_Wolf Group_), changing his entrance song to another Bring me the Horizon song, "Die4U". At the show he reaffirmed his heel-turn by laying out [Łukasz Okoński](@/w/lukasz-okonski.md) after the now-traditional charity T-shirt auction. He used the same chair as at the previous show, slowly making this item his signature weapon.

#### Nietykalni

Pawłowski stepped away from his Host/Announcer duties to become a full time on-screen persona. He kept up his heated rivalry with Okoński, trying to gather as much power over PTW as possible. To achieve his goal he formed a new villainous stable called [Nietykalni](@/tt/nietykalni.md) (_The Untouchables_). The stable consisted of him as a leader, as well as Puncher and [Royal Rebels](@/tt/royal-rebels.md) - a tag team of [Alex Brave](@/w/alex-brave.md) and [Vincent Caravaggio](@/w/vincent-caravaggio.md). 

During the final moments of [Apokalipsa](@/e/ptw/2025-08-30-ptw-apokalipsa.md), Pawłowski adressed the public with another devastating blow against Łukasz Okoński: he revealed that [Sigma Boy xD](@/w/sigma-boy.md) is in fact the bastard son of Łukasz. This caused Sigma Boy xD's meltdown and seemingly him joining Pawłowski, who comforted him after this revalation. Their alliance didn't last very long, as Sigma Boy xD mended fences with his father at the [next show](@/e/ptw/2025-09-28-ptw-bol-istnienia.md). 

Despite this setback,  Nietykalni managed to hold a strong position in PTW and win the Team Okoński vs Team Pawłowski Elimination Match at [Halloweenowa Rozpierducha](@/e/ptw/2025-10-25-ptw-halloweenowa-rozpierducha.md) thanks to [Nano Lopez's](@/w/nano-lopez.md) betrayal of Team Okoński. At the [next show](@/e/ptw/2025-11-15-ptw-totalna-anihilacja.md) Pawłowski returned to in-ring competition, teaming up with his champion Puncher in a Three Stages of Hell Match against Okoński. In it, he was pinned by Okoński twice, costing Pawłowski's team the victory. Nietykalni's defeat meant that Spartan would be once again eligible to face Puncher for the PTW title, which enraged the reigning Champion. 

## International wrestling appearances

In 2024 Pan Pawłowski cooperated with [Krampus](@/w/krampus.md) - one of the Austrian wrestlers working for PTW - in an effort to create Wrestling World Austria, which was later transformed into PTW:WWA - Prime Time Wrestling's "sister company". Arkadiusz worked there as an announcer, before the project was shut down in October 2024. 

After PTW managed to secure a partnership with BestYa Slam in 2025, Pawłowski made a few appearances there by promoting a show and managing his talent Puncher.

On 8.06.2025 Rings of Europe announced that Pawłowski would be the ring announcer for their show Summer Crush. [The post][rings-of-pawel], originally written in German, translated as:

> New international ring announcer - Arkadiusz Pan Pawłowski!
> We welcome a new ring announcer for Summer Crush. 
>
> He's not only the creative brains and boss of PTW - Prime Time Wrestling, but also a "celebrity" in Poland with over 120.000 followers on his Instagram profile.
>
> The pioneer of Polish wrestling scene and a pro wrestling enthusiast for over 30 years, he's already attracted many international superstars to Prime Time Wrestling.
>
> In his career he's worked as promoter, ring announcer, manager, commentator and producer, AND he even stepped into the ring as a worker himself.
>
> Thanks to his work in stand-up comedy and a range of entertainment, he can provide our product with significant input and advice.
>
> Welcome Arek "Pan" Pawłowski!


## In wrestling

* Tag Teams and stables:
  - [Nietykalni](@/tt/nietykalni.md) (2025-)
* Entrance music:
  - "Throne" by Bring Me the Horizon
    {{ org_badge(orgs=['ptw']) }} (2021-2024) <br>
    {{ music(yt='Ow_qI_F2ZJI')}}
    {{ music(spot='0M3adYbGtyRHACP86dey1H')}}
    {{ music(apple='1021582747?i=1021582761')}}
  - "DiE4u" by Bring Me the Horizon
    {{ org_badge(orgs=['ptw']) }} (2025-present) <br>
    {{ music(yt='IPUUbVhvqrE')}}
    {{ music(spot='2gT72HL4Y84K2Mle3miAMJ')}}
    {{ music(apple='1583958900?i=1583959120')}}  

## Championships and accomplishments

* [Prime Time Wrestling](@/o/ptw.md):
  - [PTW Awards](@/a/ptw-awards.md) (1 time):
    * Speaker of the Year (2024)

## References

* [Cagematch profile page](https://www.cagematch.net/?id=2&nr=6523)

[yt-iw]:https://www.youtube.com/@IstotaWrestlingu
[rings-of-pawel]:https://www.facebook.com/ringsofeurope/posts/pfbid0S8SS8eNu3Vwq7pMm7hmLs97HBEq6t6j6zrLckDE7TixabwX8Hb64C8mT1j8TRsFZl

Commit message:

Update'y Biosów 2: Zemsta UEFI (#2441)
* Update pan-pawlowski.md

* Update piotr-opolski.md

* Zepsuty link

* Update polski-niedzwiedz.md

* Update puncher.md

* Update remo.md

* Update renegade.md

* Update riverman.md

* Update robert-star.md

* Update rusalka.md

* Update sambor.md

* Update sawicki.md

* Update sedzia-kornel.md

* Update shadow.md

* Update sigma-boy.md

* Update taras.md

* Update tomasz-warchol.md

* Korekta

* Update vincent-caravaggio.md

* Korekta

* Update bracia-fux.md

* Update budapest-bastards.md

* Update legia-lysych.md

* Update nietykalni.md

* Update royal-rebels.md

* Update zieloni.md

* Korekta

* Zepsuty link

* Apply suggestion from @k3rni

* Update content/w/sigma-boy.md

---------

Co-authored-by: M3n747 <115824993+M3n747@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Krzysztof Zych <k33rni@gmail.com>

content/w/pan-pawlowski.md, after:

+++
title = 'Arkadiusz Pawłowski'
template = "talent_page.html"
authors = ["M3n747", "Krzysztof Zych", "Sewi The Referee"]
[extra]
toclevel = 2
[taxonomies]
country = ["PL"]
[extra.gallery]
1 = { path = "pan-pawlowski.jpg", caption = "Promo shot of Arek Pawłowski.", source = "Pawłowski's Facebook" }
2 = { path = "pan-pawlowski-gold-rush.jpg", caption = "Pawłowski's entrance at [Gold Rush](@/e/ptw/2024-02-03-ptw-5-gold-rush.md).", source = "Official PTW Facebook" }
3 = { path = "roe.png", caption = "Rings of Europe announces Pawłowski as their ring announcer for Summer Crush.", source = "Official RoE Facebook", skip_art = true }
+++

Arkadiusz "Pan" Pawłowski is a Polish wrestling announcer and promoter. Since 2021 he also became co-founder and owner of [Prime Time Wrestling](@/o/ptw.md). Prior to that he worked for [Kombat Pro Wrestling](@/o/kpw.md), and [Do Or Die Wrestling](@/o/ddw.md). Outside of his wrestling career, Pawłowski was also involved with several Polish freak-fight MMA organizations as their announcer, and performed stand-up comedy.

## Basic info

* Years active: 2012-present
* Gimmicks/nicknames:
  - Fatman {{ org_badge(orgs=['ddw']) }} (December 2012)
  - Arkadiusz "Pan" Pawłowski {{ org_badge(orgs=['ddw', 'kpw', 'ptw']) }}
* Trained by:
  - [Don Roid](@/w/don-roid.md)

## Professional wrestling career

### Do Or Die Wrestling (2009-2015)

In 2009 Pawłowski was one of the four people to attend the very first training session of the newly-opened [Do Or Die Wrestling](@/o/ddw.md) (the other three being [Kamil Aleksander](@/w/kamil-aleksander.md), [Klarys](@/w/klarys.md) and Antek from [Istota Wrestlingu][yt-iw]).
He didn't wrestle, however, instead focusing on the role of manager and ring announcer.

In DDW he served as both, and adopted a persona of a heelish, self-important manager. He made his one and only appearance as an in-ring competitor at [DDW Show](@/e/ddw/2014-12-13-ddw-12.md) in December 2014, where he faced [Gracjan Korpo](@/w/gracjan-korpo.md) under the "Fatman" alias.

### Kombat Pro Wrestling (2015-2019)

After DDW folded, he and other former DDW talent opened [Kombat Pro Wrestling](@/o/kpw.md), where Pawłowski continued his duties as ring announcer.
This lasted until 2019's [KPW Arena 13](@/e/kpw/2019-04-05-kpw-arena-13.md), after which he parted ways with the promotion. In 2024, KPW owner and booker [Piękny Kawaler](@/w/piekny-kawaler.md) revealed that it was him who fired Pawłowski from the organization, over creative and personal differences.

### Prime Time Wrestling (2021-present)

#### Creation of PTW

After his departure from KPW, Pawłowski spent the next two years working for Fame MMA, and in the second half of 2021 announced the opening of [Prime Time Wrestling](@/o/ptw.md).
This new promotion was founded together with Marcin "Rzeźnik" Rzeźniczek as co-owner, however Rzeźniczek left after [PTW #5](@/e/ptw/2024-02-03-ptw-5-gold-rush.md), leaving Pawłowski the sole owner.

Between 2021 and 2025, Pawłowski was presented as one of the main faces of the promotion, with his role as a promoter acknowledged on-screen. He typically hosted the shows, did the ring announcing, and made authority figure decisions. It's not uncommon for him to openly comment on match outcomes and wrestlers' behaviour, as well as to be involved in storylines. Most notably, between 2022 and the first half of 2024 he feuded with [John "Bad Bones" Klinger](@/w/bad-bones.md) and [Wiktor Longman](@/w/wiktor-longman.md), who were trying to destroy PTW from the inside.

#### After reboot

Despite numerous controversies - especially after a huge PR crisis following the [2024 talent exodus](@/a/ptw-exits.md) - his PTW persona had continued as a babyface since the promotion started. Pawłowski turned heel for the first time in his PTW run in December 2024 at [PTW Underground 25](@/e/ptw/2024-12-07-ptw-underground-25.md), laying out [Spartan](@/w/spartan.md) with a chair in his [PTW Championship](@/c/ptw-championship.md) match against [Puncher](@/w/puncher.md). After that he justified all of his on- and off-screen actions - past, present or future - attributing it to being done with the "good uncle" persona, and just reverting to being himself.

In addition to his on-screen heel turn, Pawłowski also increased his social media activity, frequently getting into disputes with displeased fans, calling them "piwniczaki" (_basement dwellers_) and shooting at ex-PTW talents, such as various members of ["The Greens"](@/tt/zieloni.md), [Samson](@/w/samson.md) and personnel who left to form [Legacy of Wrestling](@/o/low.md). He also called out owners of other federations, like [Piękny Kawaler](@/w/piekny-kawaler.md) from [KPW](@/o/kpw.md) and [Shadow](@/w/shadow.md) from [MZW](@/o/mzw.md).

At [Nowe Porządki](@/e/ptw/2025-01-11-ptw-nowe-porzadki.md) Pawłowski debuted a new heelish entrance, retiring the dynamic "Throne" and entering surrounded by security from the ever-loyal Grupa Wolf (_Wolf Group_), changing his entrance song to another Bring me the Horizon song, "Die4U". At the show he reaffirmed his heel-turn by laying out [Łukasz Okoński](@/w/lukasz-okonski.md) after the now-traditional charity T-shirt auction. He used the same chair as at the previous show, slowly making this item his signature weapon.

#### Nietykalni

Pawłowski stepped away from his Host/Announcer duties to become a full time on-screen persona. He kept up his heated rivalry with Okoński, trying to gather as much power over PTW as possible. To achieve his goal he formed a new villainous stable called [Nietykalni](@/tt/nietykalni.md) (_The Untouchables_). The stable consisted of him as a leader, as well as Puncher and [Royal Rebels](@/tt/royal-rebels.md) - a tag team of [Alex Brave](@/w/alex-brave.md) and [Vincent Caravaggio](@/w/vincent-caravaggio.md). 

During the final moments of [Apokalipsa](@/e/ptw/2025-08-30-ptw-apokalipsa.md), Pawłowski adressed the public with another devastating blow against Łukasz Okoński: he revealed that [Sigma Boy xD](@/w/sigma-boy.md) is in fact the bastard son of Łukasz. This caused Sigma Boy xD's meltdown and seemingly him joining Pawłowski, who comforted him after this revalation. Their alliance didn't last very long, as Sigma Boy xD mended fences with his father at the [next show](@/e/ptw/2025-09-28-ptw-bol-istnienia.md). 

Despite this setback, Nietykalni managed to hold a strong position in PTW and win the Team Okoński vs Team Pawłowski Elimination Match at [Halloweenowa Rozpierducha](@/e/ptw/2025-10-25-ptw-halloweenowa-rozpierducha.md) thanks to [Nano Lopez's](@/w/nano-lopez.md) betrayal of Team Okoński. At the [next show](@/e/ptw/2025-11-15-ptw-totalna-anihilacja.md) Pawłowski returned to in-ring competition, teaming up with his champion Puncher in a Three Stages of Hell Match against Okoński. In it, he was pinned by Okoński twice, costing Pawłowski's team the victory. Nietykalni's defeat meant that Spartan was once again eligible to face Puncher for the PTW title, which enraged the reigning Champion. 

#### Downfall and stepping down from PTW

In the main event of [Świąt Nie Będzie](@/e/ptw/2025-12-13-ptw-swiat-nie-bedzie.md) both Puncher's PTW Championship and Pawłowski's career were on the line in an All Or Nothing Match against Spartan, supported by Łukasz Okoński. Despite all the tricks and shenanigans pulled off by Pan Pawłowski and Nietykalni, Spartan was finally able to finish his story. Devastated, Arkadiusz spent the next couple of weeks looking back at moments from his wrestling journey on his social media, which included short stories from both [DDW](@/o/ddw.md) and [KPW](@/o/kpw.md), as well as the beginnings of PTW.

At [Odrodzenie](@/e/ptw/2026-01-31-ptw-odrodzenie.md) he closed the show by making his farewell speech, seemingly reverting to his good guy persona. He granted parting gifts to all the Nietykalni members present: [Vincent](@/w/vincent-caravaggio.md) received an opportunity to represent Poland at [World Cup](@/e/ptw/2026-02-21-ptw-world-cup.md) show, [Nano Lopez](@/w/nano-lopez.md) got a promise that he would defend his [Underground Championship](@/c/ptw-underground-championship.md) across Europe thanks to Pawłowski's networking, and finally [Alex Brave](@/w/alex-brave.md) was given a serious heart-to-heart motivational speech about him not being the star he tried to portray. After that Pawłowski bid farewell to PTW's ring and revealed that he had been supposedly headhunted by one of "major international wrestling promotions", where he would continue his career.

## International wrestling appearances

In 2024 Pan Pawłowski cooperated with [Krampus](@/w/krampus.md) - one of the Austrian wrestlers working for PTW - in an effort to create Wrestling World Austria, which was later transformed into PTW:WWA - Prime Time Wrestling's "sister company". Arkadiusz worked there as an announcer, before the project was shut down in October 2024. 

After PTW managed to secure a partnership with BestYa Slam in 2025, Pawłowski made a few appearances there by promoting a show and managing his talent Puncher.

On 8.06.2025 Rings of Europe announced that Pawłowski would be the ring announcer for their show Summer Crush. [The post][rings-of-pawel], originally written in German, translated as:

> New international ring announcer - Arkadiusz Pan Pawłowski!
> We welcome a new ring announcer for Summer Crush. 
>
> He's not only the creative brains and boss of PTW - Prime Time Wrestling, but also a "celebrity" in Poland with over 120.000 followers on his Instagram profile.
>
> The pioneer of Polish wrestling scene and a pro wrestling enthusiast for over 30 years, he's already attracted many international superstars to Prime Time Wrestling.
>
> In his career he's worked as promoter, ring announcer, manager, commentator and producer, AND he even stepped into the ring as a worker himself.
>
> Thanks to his work in stand-up comedy and a range of entertainment, he can provide our product with significant input and advice.
>
> Welcome Arek "Pan" Pawłowski!

## In wrestling

* Tag Teams and stables:
  - [Nietykalni](@/tt/nietykalni.md) (2025-)
* Entrance music:
  - "Throne" by Bring Me the Horizon
    {{ org_badge(orgs=['ptw']) }} (2021-2024) <br>
    {{ music(yt='Ow_qI_F2ZJI')}}
    {{ music(spot='0M3adYbGtyRHACP86dey1H')}}
    {{ music(apple='1021582747?i=1021582761')}}
  - "DiE4u" by Bring Me the Horizon
    {{ org_badge(orgs=['ptw']) }} (2025-present) <br>
    {{ music(yt='IPUUbVhvqrE')}}
    {{ music(spot='2gT72HL4Y84K2Mle3miAMJ')}}
    {{ music(apple='1583958900?i=1583959120')}}  

## Championships and accomplishments

* [Prime Time Wrestling](@/o/ptw.md):
  - [PTW Awards](@/a/ptw-awards.md) (1 time):
    * Speaker of the Year (2024)

## References

* [Cagematch profile page](https://www.cagematch.net/?id=2&nr=6523)

[yt-iw]:https://www.youtube.com/@IstotaWrestlingu
[rings-of-pawel]:https://www.facebook.com/ringsofeurope/posts/pfbid0S8SS8eNu3Vwq7pMm7hmLs97HBEq6t6j6zrLckDE7TixabwX8Hb64C8mT1j8TRsFZl
