content/w/remo.md, before:

+++
title = "Remo"
template = "talent_page.html"
authors = ["Sewi The Referee"]
[extra]
toclevel = 2
[taxonomies]
country = ["PL"]
+++

Remo is a Polish wrestler best known for his time in [Prime Time Wrestling](@/o/ptw.md).

## Basic info

* Years active: 2021-2022; 2025
* Gimmicks/nicknames:
  - Remo {{ org_badge(orgs=['ptw']) }}
* Trained by:
  - [PTW Academy](@/o/ptw-academy.md) (2021-2022)
 
## Professional wrestling career

### Prime Time Wrestling (2021-2024; 2025-)

Remo joined [Prime Time Wrestling](@/o/ptw.md) very early in its development and received his in-ring training in [PTW Academy](@/o/ptw-academy.md). He made his debut at PTW's first show - [REVOLUCJA](@/e/ptw/2021-10-09-ptw-1-revolucja.md) as a villainous "Lone Wolf" persona, but was defeated by Arczi Czajka. Remo's first stint in PTW lasted until [Underground 5](@/e/ptw/2022-05-29-ptw-underground-5.md). Shortly after, he suffered a knee injury, which sidelined him from competition for over nine months.

Remo made his return at [Underground 12](@/e/ptw/2023-02-26-ptw-underground-12.md) where he attacked [Nano Lopez](@/w/nano-lopez.md) before his match against [Marco Hammers](@/w/marco-hammers.md), possibly teasing their feud. Unfortunately for him, he was injured once again.

In June 2024 Remo officially [left Prime Time Wrestling](@/a/ptw-exits.md), which he announced via his social media.

In November 2025, after over a year of silence, Remo [published a post][remo] on his Instagram account, teasing his return to in-ring competition.

## In wrestling

* Finishers:
  - TKO (2021-2024)
* Entrance music:
  - "Lone Wolf" by Judas Priest
    {{ org_badge(orgs=['ptw']) }} (2021-2024) <br>
    {{ music(yt='_TvBZ1eM0p8') }}
    {{ music(spot='/0LLrDYfS9umDFiPOlh3pqP') }}
    {{ music(apple='1325585022?i=1325585365') }}

[remo]: https://www.instagram.com/p/DRckwbgCFLc/

Commit message:

Update'y Biosów 2: Zemsta UEFI (#2441)
* Update pan-pawlowski.md

* Update piotr-opolski.md

* Zepsuty link

* Update polski-niedzwiedz.md

* Update puncher.md

* Update remo.md

* Update renegade.md

* Update riverman.md

* Update robert-star.md

* Update rusalka.md

* Update sambor.md

* Update sawicki.md

* Update sedzia-kornel.md

* Update shadow.md

* Update sigma-boy.md

* Update taras.md

* Update tomasz-warchol.md

* Korekta

* Update vincent-caravaggio.md

* Korekta

* Update bracia-fux.md

* Update budapest-bastards.md

* Update legia-lysych.md

* Update nietykalni.md

* Update royal-rebels.md

* Update zieloni.md

* Korekta

* Zepsuty link

* Apply suggestion from @k3rni

* Update content/w/sigma-boy.md

---------

Co-authored-by: M3n747 <115824993+M3n747@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Krzysztof Zych <k33rni@gmail.com>

content/w/remo.md, after:

+++
title = "Remo"
template = "talent_page.html"
authors = ["Sewi The Referee"]
[extra]
toclevel = 2
[taxonomies]
country = ["PL"]
+++

Remo is a Polish wrestler best known for his time in [Prime Time Wrestling](@/o/ptw.md).

## Basic info

* Years active: 2021-2022; 2025
* Gimmicks/nicknames:
  - Remo {{ org_badge(orgs=['ptw']) }}
* Trained by:
  - [PTW Academy](@/o/ptw-academy.md) (2021-2022)
 
## Professional wrestling career

### Prime Time Wrestling (2021-2024; 2025-)

#### First run

Remo joined [Prime Time Wrestling](@/o/ptw.md) very early in its development and received his in-ring training in [PTW Academy](@/o/ptw-academy.md). He made his debut at PTW's first show - [REVOLUCJA](@/e/ptw/2021-10-09-ptw-1-revolucja.md) as a villainous "Lone Wolf" persona, but was defeated by Arczi Czajka. Remo's first stint in PTW lasted until [Underground 5](@/e/ptw/2022-05-29-ptw-underground-5.md). Shortly after, he suffered a knee injury, which sidelined him from competition for over nine months.

Remo made his return at [Underground 12](@/e/ptw/2023-02-26-ptw-underground-12.md) where he attacked [Nano Lopez](@/w/nano-lopez.md) before his match against [Marco Hammers](@/w/marco-hammers.md), possibly teasing their feud. Unfortunately for him, he was injured once again.

In June 2024 Remo officially [left Prime Time Wrestling](@/a/ptw-exits.md), which he announced via his social media.

#### Return to PTW

In November 2025, after over a year of silence, Remo [published a post][remo] on his Instagram account, teasing his return to in-ring competition. He made his comeback at [Świąt Nie Będzie](@/e/ptw/2025-12-13-ptw-swiat-nie-bedzie.md). He cut a promo where he expressed his grudge against PTW fans who forgot about him when he was out. He vowed to eliminate each of the fan-favourites, starting with another "usurper from Bydgoszcz" - [CJ Klakson](@/w/cj-klakson.md).

## In wrestling

* Finishers:
  - TKO (2021-2024)
* Entrance music:
  - "Lone Wolf" by Judas Priest
    {{ org_badge(orgs=['ptw']) }} (2021-2024) <br>
    {{ music(yt='_TvBZ1eM0p8') }}
    {{ music(spot='/0LLrDYfS9umDFiPOlh3pqP') }}
    {{ music(apple='1325585022?i=1325585365') }}

[remo]: https://www.instagram.com/p/DRckwbgCFLc/
