content/w/riverman.md, before:

+++
title = 'Tony "The Riverman" Sheen'
template = "talent_page.html"
authors = ["Szymon Iwulski"]
[extra]
toclevel = 2
[taxonomies]
country = ["PL"]
[extra.gallery]
1 = { path = "tony-2-sheen.webp", caption = "Tony Sheen attacks [Matt2Hott](@/w/matt2hot.md).", source = "Tony Sheen's private archive" }
+++

Tony "The Riverman" Sheen is a Polish wrestler best known for his time in [Maniac Zone Wrestling](@/o/mzw.md). He also worked for multiple backyard federations before that.

## Basic info
* Years active: 2011-2014; 2023-present
* Gimmicks/nicknames:
  - "Aparycja" Tony Sheen (backyard)
  - Tony "The Riverman" Sheen {{ org_badge(orgs=['mzw', 'low']) }}
* Trained by:
  - [Shadow](@/w/shadow.md)
  - [Polska Akademia Wrestlingu](@/o/paw.md) (2022-2024)

## Professional wrestling career

### Various backyard promotions (2011-2014)

Over the span of 2010s, Sheen competed for various Polish backyard promotions, including [PXW](@/o/pxw.md), WSW and [WKSW](@/o/wksw.md). He earned the nickname "Aparycja" (_Appearance_), due to his unique look, called out in a [backstage video from Backyardmania IV][bm4].
Per his account, he main-evented the final WKSW show. Most of that promotion's cards and shows are considered lost media.

### Maniac Zone Wrestling (2023-)

Sheen, not announced by name, refereed two MZW shows in 2023.
In 2024, he made his in-ring debut for the promotion at [No Time To Die](@/e/mzw/2024-10-12-mzw-no-time-to-die.md) as Tony "The Riverman" Sheen, winning a battle royal. Wearing a fisherman's raincoat and using a fishing net as his signature weapon, the Riverman character seems to take sailor culture as an inspiration. He later added Aquaman-inspired boots and tights into his attire. As a character, he likes to incorporate fishing references into his promos.

At [MZW Forever](@/e/mzw/2025-03-29-mzw-forever.md), Sheen faced [Disco Pablo](@/w/disco-pablo.md), scoring a win thanks to distraction from [Taras](@/w/taras.md).

### PpW Ewenement (2025)

At [Wjazd Na Rewir](@/e/ppw/2025-10-24-ppw-wjazd-na-rewir.md) Tony made his PpW debut as one of the competitors in a Zmowa Recruitment Gauntlet Match, where he faced - and was quickly defeated by - [Gustav Gryffin](@/w/gustav-gryffin.md).

## In wrestling

* Finishers:
  - Running Knee Strike (2024-)

[bm4]:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AcBIUr_-LqA

Commit message:

Update'y Biosów 2: Zemsta UEFI (#2441)
* Update pan-pawlowski.md

* Update piotr-opolski.md

* Zepsuty link

* Update polski-niedzwiedz.md

* Update puncher.md

* Update remo.md

* Update renegade.md

* Update riverman.md

* Update robert-star.md

* Update rusalka.md

* Update sambor.md

* Update sawicki.md

* Update sedzia-kornel.md

* Update shadow.md

* Update sigma-boy.md

* Update taras.md

* Update tomasz-warchol.md

* Korekta

* Update vincent-caravaggio.md

* Korekta

* Update bracia-fux.md

* Update budapest-bastards.md

* Update legia-lysych.md

* Update nietykalni.md

* Update royal-rebels.md

* Update zieloni.md

* Korekta

* Zepsuty link

* Apply suggestion from @k3rni

* Update content/w/sigma-boy.md

---------

Co-authored-by: M3n747 <115824993+M3n747@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Krzysztof Zych <k33rni@gmail.com>

content/w/riverman.md, after:

+++
title = 'Tony "The Riverman" Sheen'
template = "talent_page.html"
authors = ["Szymon Iwulski", "Sewi The Referee"]
[extra]
toclevel = 2
[taxonomies]
country = ["PL"]
[extra.gallery]
1 = { path = "tony-2-sheen.webp", caption = "Tony Sheen attacks [Matt2Hott](@/w/matt2hot.md).", source = "Tony Sheen's private archive" }
+++

Tony "The Riverman" Sheen is a Polish wrestler best known for his time in [Maniac Zone Wrestling](@/o/mzw.md), [PpW Ewenement](@/o/ppw.md) and [Legacy of Wrestling](@/o/low.md). He also worked for multiple backyard federations prior to that.

## Basic info
* Years active: 2011-2014; 2023-present
* Gimmicks/nicknames:
  - "Aparycja" Tony Sheen (backyard)
  - Tony "The Riverman" Sheen {{ org_badge(orgs=['mzw', 'low']) }}
* Trained by:
  - [Shadow](@/w/shadow.md)
  - [Polska Akademia Wrestlingu](@/o/paw.md) (2022-2024)

## Professional wrestling career

### Various backyard promotions (2011-2014)

Over the span of 2010s, Sheen competed for various Polish backyard promotions, including [PXW](@/o/pxw.md), WSW and [WKSW](@/o/wksw.md). He earned the nickname "Aparycja" (_Appearance_), due to his unique look, called out in a [backstage video from Backyardmania IV][bm4].
Per his account, he main-evented the final WKSW show. Most of that promotion's cards and shows are considered lost media.

### Maniac Zone Wrestling (2023-)

Sheen, not announced by name, refereed two MZW shows in 2023.
In 2024, he made his in-ring debut for the promotion at [No Time To Die](@/e/mzw/2024-10-12-mzw-no-time-to-die.md) as Tony "The Riverman" Sheen, winning a battle royal. Wearing a fisherman's raincoat and using a fishing net as his signature weapon, the Riverman character seems to take sailor culture as an inspiration. He later added Aquaman-inspired boots and tights into his attire. As a character, he likes to incorporate fishing references into his promos.

At [MZW Forever](@/e/mzw/2025-03-29-mzw-forever.md), Sheen faced [Disco Pablo](@/w/disco-pablo.md), scoring a win thanks to distraction from [Taras](@/w/taras.md).

### PpW Ewenement (2025-)

At [Wjazd Na Rewir](@/e/ppw/2025-10-24-ppw-wjazd-na-rewir.md) Tony made his PpW debut as one of the competitors in the Zmowa Recruitment Gauntlet Match, where he faced [Gustav Gryffin](@/w/gustav-gryffin.md) and was quickly defeated by him. From that point on he starded making occassional appearances, mostly as enhancement talent.

### Legacy of Wrestling (2025-)

In December 2025 Tony Sheen made his debut for [Legacy of Wrestling](@/o/low.md), where he faced Disco Pablo in a 12 Weapons of Christmas No-DQ Match.

## In wrestling

* Finishers:
  - Running Knee Strike (2024-)

[bm4]:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AcBIUr_-LqA
