content/w/sedzia-seweryn.md, before:

+++
title = "Sędzia Seweryn"
template = "talent_page.html"
authors = ["Sewi The Referee"]
[extra]
toclevel = 2
[taxonomies]
country = ["PL"]
[extra.gallery]
1 = { path = "Sewi_2024.webp", caption = "Sędzia Seweryn at a PpW show in 2024.", source = "Official PpW website" }
+++

Sędzia Seweryn (known as Sewi The Referee) is a Polish wrestling referee active on the Polish wrestling scene. He is best known for his time in [PpW Ewenement](@/o/ppw.md), as well as [Legacy of Wrestling](@/o/low.md) and [Maniac Zone Wrestling](@/o/mzw.md). He also worked as a senior referee in [Prime Time Wrestling](@/o/ptw.md) from 2022 to 2024.

## Basic info

* Years active: 2018-present
* Nicknames/Gimmicks:
  - Ring Rat {{ org_badge(org='mzw') }}
  - Sewi the Ref {{ org_badge(orgs=['mzw', 'ptw', 'ppw', 'low']) }}
* Trained by:
  - [Polska Akademia Wrestlingu](@/o/paw.md) 2018-2021
  - [PTW Academy](@/o/ptw-academy.md) 2021-2024
  - [Ewenement Dojo](@/o/ewenement-dojo.md) 2024-present

## Professional wrestling career

### Maniac Zone Wrestling (2018-2021)

#### Rookie & in-ring debut

Seweryn set his foot in a wrestling ring for the first time at PAW Summer Camp 2018, held in Wrocław.
In late 2018 and early 2019 he became one of the founding members of [The Greens](@/tt/zieloni.md).
Initially aiming to become a wrestler, he continued to train in PAW regularly for the next year, making his debut as Ring Rat during [MZW Project 6: Death & Glory](@/e/mzw/2019-08-24-mzw-project-6-death-and-glory.md) Rookie Battle Royal, where he eliminated [Krueger](@/w/olgierd.md) before being eliminated by [Nathan Cross](@/w/gabriel-queen.md) and [Stanisław Van Dobroniak](@/w/stanislaw-van-dobroniak.md).
After that he made yet another appearance, in a segment during [MZW Project 7: Golden Road](@/e/mzw/2020-01-18-mzw-project-7-golden-road.md), along with Anatolii, [Hexia](@/w/hexia.md) & Krueger.
Later, during the pandemic lockdown, he decided to resign from his wrestler's career to become full-time wrestling referee.

#### Becoming Sewi the Ref

Seweryn made his debut as a referee during [MZW Project Basement](@/e/project-basement.md), refereeing alongside [Sędzia Michał](@/w/sedzia-michal.md).
After that, he made another appearance before a live audience at [MZW Project 8: Golden Road Finals](@/e/mzw/2021-08-14-mzw-project-8-golden-road-finals.md).
Later that year, due to a long stagnation in MZW combined with low morale among MZW's Greens, and the rapid growth of PTW caused by poaching of talent from other federation, on the 21st of November 2021 the remaining Greens decided to leave MZW.
Many of them either suspended their wrestling career, or transferred to Prime Time Wrestling. Sewi decided on the latter, joining PTW in late 2021.

### Prime Time Wrestling (2022-2024)

Sewi the Ref debuted at [PTW Underground 2](@/e/ptw/2022-01-23-ptw-underground-2.md), which marked the start of his 2-year tenure as referee in the federation.
He worked along [Sędzia Matek](@/w/sedzia-matek.md), with [Sędzia Rafał](@/w/alex-brave.md) joining in the second half of 2022.
After Rafał's suspension due to the ["Asian Scandal" controversy](@/a/ptw-awards-2022.md), and Matek's quiet departure from the company, he became the _de facto_ Senior Referee, briefly working as the sole referee for [Underground 11](@/e/ptw/2023-01-29-ptw-underground-11.md) & [12](@/e/ptw/2023-02-26-ptw-underground-12.md), before being joined by [Klaudiusz](@/w/sedzia-klaudiusz.md).
For most of 2023 and 2024 he maintained his position as the main referee, working many of the main events and matches with high-profile international wrestlers.
He was also awarded the [PTW's "Referee of the Year" Award](@/a/ptw-awards-2022.md) for 2022.

During his tenure in Prime Time Wrestling, Referee Seweryn also made history as the first Polish referee to work in a foreign promotion, making his international debut at an Austrian Rings of Europe show "WrestleClash 25" in August 2023.
Later he made yet another appearance at a PTW/WWA show in January 2024.
Sewi continued his run in the company, being present at every PTW event (except [Underground 7](@/e/ptw/2022-08-28-ptw-underground-7.md)) up until [Total Blast From The Past](@/e/ptw/2024-05-11-ptw-6.md).
After that show he, along with many other talent, [left PTW](@/a/ptw-exits.md).

### PpW Ewenement (2024-present)

On July 5th, 2024, [PpW Ewenement Wrestling](@/o/ppw.md) announced on its social media that Sewi joined the federation as a referee.
He made his debut at [PpW Ale Grzeje](@/e/ppw/2024-07-13-ppw-ale-grzeje.md), working alongside [Sędzia Kornel](@/w/sedzia-kornel.md) and [Sędzia Karol Górski](@/w/madman-charlie.md) from that time onwards.

#### Feud with Olgierd

After [Gruba Przesada](@/e/ppw/2025-01-25-ppw-gruba-przesada.md), members of [Zmowa](@/tt/zmowa.md) - [Mister Z](@/w/mister-z.md), [Marco Hammers](@/w/marco-hammers.md) and [Olgierd](@/w/olgierd.md) - blamed Kornel for their defeat in their match at said show. In a post-match interview Olgierd verbally and physically assaulted Kornel and vowed that he would put all of PpW's referees back in line, as they were constantly interrupting him in his matches by enforcing rules. On February 2nd, 2025, it was officially announced that Olgierd would face each referee in a Gauntlet Match at [Hardcore Friday 21.000](@/e/ppw/2025-02-21-ppw-hardcore-friday.md). Referee Seweryn was the last of the referees to fight, and despite putting some offence and hitting his finishing move _Twist of Sew_, he was unable to defeat such seasoned wrestler as Olgierd.

While maintaining PpW as his main promotion, Sewi continued his sporadic appearances on the international circuit.

### Return to Maniac Zone Wrestling (2024-present)

On October 12th, 2024, he also made an appearance at [MZW No Time to Die](@/e/mzw/2024-10-12-mzw-no-time-to-die.md), which marked his return to [MZW](@/o/mzw.md) after over three years.

### Legacy of Wrestling (2024-present)

During the build-up for the [first show](@/e/low/2024-12-01-low-1.md) it was unofficially confirmed that Sewi the Referee would be one of the main referees for the newly-founded [Legacy of Wrestling](@/o/low.md). He indeed made an appearance there, being the sole referee at the event. During the [second show](@/e/low/2025-04-06-low-2.md) he was joined by his colleague [Karol Górski](@/w/madman-charlie.md).

## In wrestling

* Finishers:
  - _Twist of Sew_ (Twist of Fate) (2025-)
* Entrance music:
  - "Over and Over and Over" by Jack White
    {{ org_badge(orgs=['mzw']) }} (2020, as Ring Rat) <br>
    {{ music(yt='ShCRN3tFy80')}}
    {{ music(spot='13CKjk6hRuF2XzY4N3xw4m')}}
    {{ music(apple='1337879490?i=1337879981')}}
  - "Waza" by HEWRA
    {{ org_badge(orgs=['ppw']) }} (2025-, as a member of The Referees) <br>
    {{ music(yt='LMayWdD7Oac?t=42')}}

## Championships and achievments:

* [Prime Time Wrestling](@/o/ptw.md)
  - [PTW Awards 2022](@/a/ptw-awards-2022.md) (1 time):
    * Referee of the Year

## Internet presence

* [Sewi's Facebook profile](https://www.facebook.com/people/Sewi-The-Referee/100089237194283/)
* [Sewi's Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/sewi_the_ref/)

Commit message:

Mr Worldwide (#2166)
* Update sedzia-seweryn.md

Sewi (me) IWC appearances

* Korekta

* Słówko

* Ukonsekwentnienie

---------

Co-authored-by: M3n747 <115824993+M3n747@users.noreply.github.com>

content/w/sedzia-seweryn.md, after:

+++
title = "Sędzia Seweryn"
template = "talent_page.html"
authors = ["Sewi The Referee"]
[extra]
toclevel = 2
[taxonomies]
country = ["PL"]
[extra.gallery]
1 = { path = "Sewi_2024.webp", caption = "Sędzia Seweryn at a PpW show in 2024.", source = "Official PpW website" }
+++

Sędzia Seweryn (known as Sewi The Referee) is a Polish wrestling referee active on the Polish wrestling scene. He is best known for his time in [PpW Ewenement](@/o/ppw.md), as well as [Legacy of Wrestling](@/o/low.md) and [Maniac Zone Wrestling](@/o/mzw.md). He also worked as a senior referee in [Prime Time Wrestling](@/o/ptw.md) from 2022 to 2024.

## Basic info

* Years active: 2018-present
* Nicknames/Gimmicks:
  - Ring Rat {{ org_badge(org='mzw') }}
  - Sewi the Ref {{ org_badge(orgs=['mzw', 'ptw', 'ppw', 'low']) }}
* Trained by:
  - [Polska Akademia Wrestlingu](@/o/paw.md) 2018-2021
  - [PTW Academy](@/o/ptw-academy.md) 2021-2024
  - [Ewenement Dojo](@/o/ewenement-dojo.md) 2024-present

## Professional wrestling career

### Maniac Zone Wrestling (2018-2021)

#### Rookie & in-ring debut

Seweryn set his foot in a wrestling ring for the first time at PAW Summer Camp 2018, held in Wrocław.
In late 2018 and early 2019 he became one of the founding members of [The Greens](@/tt/zieloni.md).
Initially aiming to become a wrestler, he continued to train in PAW regularly for the next year, making his debut as Ring Rat during [MZW Project 6: Death & Glory](@/e/mzw/2019-08-24-mzw-project-6-death-and-glory.md) Rookie Battle Royal, where he eliminated [Krueger](@/w/olgierd.md) before being eliminated by [Nathan Cross](@/w/gabriel-queen.md) and [Stanisław Van Dobroniak](@/w/stanislaw-van-dobroniak.md).
After that he made yet another appearance, in a segment during [MZW Project 7: Golden Road](@/e/mzw/2020-01-18-mzw-project-7-golden-road.md), along with Anatolii, [Hexia](@/w/hexia.md) & Krueger.
Later, during the pandemic lockdown, he decided to resign from his wrestler's career to become full-time wrestling referee.

#### Becoming Sewi the Ref

Seweryn made his debut as a referee during [MZW Project Basement](@/e/project-basement.md), refereeing alongside [Sędzia Michał](@/w/sedzia-michal.md).
After that, he made another appearance before a live audience at [MZW Project 8: Golden Road Finals](@/e/mzw/2021-08-14-mzw-project-8-golden-road-finals.md).
Later that year, due to a long stagnation in MZW combined with low morale among MZW's Greens, and the rapid growth of PTW caused by poaching of talent from other federation, on the 21st of November 2021 the remaining Greens decided to leave MZW.
Many of them either suspended their wrestling career, or transferred to Prime Time Wrestling. Sewi decided on the latter, joining PTW in late 2021.

### Prime Time Wrestling (2022-2024)

Sewi the Ref debuted at [PTW Underground 2](@/e/ptw/2022-01-23-ptw-underground-2.md), which marked the start of his 2-year tenure as referee in the federation.
He worked along [Sędzia Matek](@/w/sedzia-matek.md), with [Sędzia Rafał](@/w/alex-brave.md) joining in the second half of 2022.
After Rafał's suspension due to the ["Asian Scandal" controversy](@/a/ptw-awards-2022.md), and Matek's quiet departure from the company, he became the _de facto_ Senior Referee, briefly working as the sole referee for [Underground 11](@/e/ptw/2023-01-29-ptw-underground-11.md) & [12](@/e/ptw/2023-02-26-ptw-underground-12.md), before being joined by [Klaudiusz](@/w/sedzia-klaudiusz.md).
For most of 2023 and 2024 he maintained his position as the main referee, working many of the main events and matches with high-profile international wrestlers.
He was also awarded the [PTW's "Referee of the Year" Award](@/a/ptw-awards-2022.md) for 2022.

Sewi continued his run in the company, being present at every PTW event (except [Underground 7](@/e/ptw/2022-08-28-ptw-underground-7.md)) up until [Total Blast From The Past](@/e/ptw/2024-05-11-ptw-6.md).
After that show he, along with many other talent, [left PTW](@/a/ptw-exits.md).

### PpW Ewenement (2024-present)

On July 5th, 2024, [PpW Ewenement Wrestling](@/o/ppw.md) announced on its social media that Sewi joined the federation as a referee.
He made his debut at [PpW Ale Grzeje](@/e/ppw/2024-07-13-ppw-ale-grzeje.md), working alongside [Sędzia Kornel](@/w/sedzia-kornel.md) and [Sędzia Karol Górski](@/w/madman-charlie.md) from that time onwards.

#### Feud with Olgierd

After [Gruba Przesada](@/e/ppw/2025-01-25-ppw-gruba-przesada.md), members of [Zmowa](@/tt/zmowa.md) - [Mister Z](@/w/mister-z.md), [Marco Hammers](@/w/marco-hammers.md) and [Olgierd](@/w/olgierd.md) - blamed Kornel for their defeat in their match at said show. In a post-match interview Olgierd verbally and physically assaulted Kornel and vowed that he would put all of PpW's referees back in line, as they were constantly interrupting him in his matches by enforcing rules. On February 2nd, 2025, it was officially announced that Olgierd would face each referee in a Gauntlet Match at [Hardcore Friday 21.000](@/e/ppw/2025-02-21-ppw-hardcore-friday.md). Referee Seweryn was the last of the referees to fight, and despite putting some offence and hitting his finishing move _Twist of Sew_, he was unable to defeat such seasoned wrestler as Olgierd.

While maintaining PpW as his main promotion, Sewi continued his sporadic appearances on the international circuit.

### Return to Maniac Zone Wrestling (2024-present)

On October 12th, 2024, he also made an appearance at [MZW No Time to Die](@/e/mzw/2024-10-12-mzw-no-time-to-die.md), which marked his return to [MZW](@/o/mzw.md) after over three years.

### Legacy of Wrestling (2024-present)

During the build-up for the [first show](@/e/low/2024-12-01-low-1.md) it was unofficially confirmed that Sewi the Referee would be one of the main referees for the newly-founded [Legacy of Wrestling](@/o/low.md). He indeed made an appearance there, being the sole referee at the event. During the [second show](@/e/low/2025-04-06-low-2.md) he was joined by his colleague [Karol Górski](@/w/madman-charlie.md).

### International wrestling appearances

In August 2023 Referee Seweryn made history as the first Polish referee to work in a foreign promotion, making his international debut at an Austrian Rings of Europe show, WrestleClash 25, in August 2023. Later on he also worked at a PTW:WWA show in January 2024, and in Budapest for BP Dojo show later that year.

## In wrestling

* Finishers:
  - _Twist of Sew_ (Twist of Fate) (2025-)
* Entrance music:
  - "Over and Over and Over" by Jack White
    {{ org_badge(orgs=['mzw']) }} (2020, as Ring Rat) <br>
    {{ music(yt='ShCRN3tFy80')}}
    {{ music(spot='13CKjk6hRuF2XzY4N3xw4m')}}
    {{ music(apple='1337879490?i=1337879981')}}
  - "Waza" by HEWRA
    {{ org_badge(orgs=['ppw']) }} (2025-, as a member of The Referees) <br>
    {{ music(yt='LMayWdD7Oac?t=42')}}

## Championships and accomplishments

* [Prime Time Wrestling](@/o/ptw.md)
  - [PTW Awards 2022](@/a/ptw-awards-2022.md) (1 time):
    * Referee of the Year

## Internet presence

* [Sewi's Facebook profile](https://www.facebook.com/people/Sewi-The-Referee/100089237194283/)
* [Sewi's Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/sewi_the_ref/)
