content/w/sigma-boy.md, before:

+++
title = "Sigma Boy xD"
template = "talent_page.html"
authors = ["Szymon Iwulski", "Sewi The Referee"]
[extra]
toclevel = 2
[taxonomies]
country = ["PL"]
+++

Sigma Boy XD is a Polish wrestler known for his appearances in [Prime Time Wrestling](@/o/ptw.md).

## Basic info

* Years active: 2025-present
* Gimmicks/nicknames:
  - Sigma Boy xD {{ org_badge(org='ptw') }}
* Trained by:
  - [PTW Academy](@/o/ptw-academy.md)
  - [Max Speed](@/w/max-speed.md)

## Professional wrestling career

### Prime Time Wrestling (2025-present)

#### Debut and early rivalries

On January 30th, PTW announced the first quarter-final match for the [PTW Underground Championship](@/c/ptw-underground-championship.md), in which Max Speed was going to take on a debuting rookie. The rookie turned out to be Sigma Boy xD - a bright and playful character, inspired by Generation Alpha Internet culture. He was acknowledged as Speed's real life pupil from the Academy and after a competitive match, he lost in the quarter finals. In addition to appearing in his own matches, he started to occasionally support Max Speed, evening the odds when his mentor was attacked.

At [PTW: Wiosenna Bijatyka](@/e/ptw/2025-03-15-ptw-wiosenna-bijatyka.md) Sigma Boy faced [Alex Brave](@/w/alex-brave.md) in a losing effort. Later that night, he countered Brave's interference in a ladder match for the PTW Underground Championship, helping Speed become the inaugural champion.

[Pan Pawłowski](@/w/pan-pawlowski.md) started to set his sights on Sigma, trying to provide him with unsolicited "guidance". As part of that storyline, he gave Sigma a match for the BestYa Slam Championship against [Dawid "Puncher" Seńko](@/w/puncher.md) at [PTW: Prezes vs Prezes](@/e/ptw/2025-04-12-ptw-prezes-vs-prezes.md). Still in the infancy stage of his career, Sigma Boy xD failed to defeat the reigning champion. 

At [PTW: Dzień Dziecka](@/e/ptw/2025-05-31-ptw-dzien-dziecka.md), Boy scored his first victory against [El G](@/w/el-g.md).

#### Meeting the father

During the final moments of [Apokalipsa](@/e/ptw/2025-08-30-ptw-apokalipsa.md) Pawłowski addressed the audience with another devastating announcement: Arkadiusz revealed that Sigma Boy xD is in fact the bastard son of [Łukasz "Prezes" Okoński](@/w/lukasz-okonski.md). This caused Sigma Boy xD's meltdown and seemingly him joining Pawłowski, who comforted him after this revelation. Łukasz later admitted in Instagram promos that he is in fact the father of Sigma Boy xD and tried to mend fences with him, but he was pushed away by his son. His whole conflict with his father was however quickly resolved, as at the next show - [Ból Istnienia](@/e/ptw/2025-09-28-ptw-bol-istnienia.md) - Sigma Boy xD and Okoński teamed up against [Royal Rebels](@/tt/royal-rebels.md) for the [PTW Tag Team Championship](@/c/ptw-tag-team-championship.md), against Sigma's will. They lost the match owing to Pawłowski's interference, but at the end of the show, when the villainous PTW promoter tried to convince Sigma to pierce his father with a lightsaber, the young padawan turned on his [Nietykalni](@/tt/nietykalni.md) master and joined Team Okoński.

After fixing his relationship with his father, Sigma joined Team Okoński and continued his feud with Nietykalni. Team Okoński faced them in an Elimination Tag Team Match at [Haloweenowa Rozpierducha](@/e/ptw/2025-10-25-ptw-halloweenowa-rozpierducha.md), where Team Okoński lost both the match and further championship opportunity for Spartan due to [Nano Lopez's](@/w/nano-lopez.md) betrayal of Team Okoński. 

## International wrestling appearances

As part of the new working relationship between PTW and the Austrian promotion Rings of Europe, he was announced to compete at the promotion's SummerCrush show on 25.07.2025, marking his international debut.

## In wrestling

* Finishers:
  - _Sigma Destroyer_ (Canadian destroyer) (2025-)
* Entrance music:
  - "Sigma Boy" by Betsy & Maria Yankovskaya
    {{ org_badge(org='ptw') }} (2025-) <br>
    {{ music(yt='ueNY30Cs8Lk&ab')}}
    {{ music(spot='23UBSdCPcsloNVmQZ508Zv')}}
    {{ music(apple='769211908?i=1769212251')}}

## Internet presence

* [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/sigmaboy_ptw/)

## References

* [International debut announcement](https://www.facebook.com/photo?fbid=1288715599378324&set=a.533801284869763)

Commit message:

Update'y Biosów 2: Zemsta UEFI (#2441)
* Update pan-pawlowski.md

* Update piotr-opolski.md

* Zepsuty link

* Update polski-niedzwiedz.md

* Update puncher.md

* Update remo.md

* Update renegade.md

* Update riverman.md

* Update robert-star.md

* Update rusalka.md

* Update sambor.md

* Update sawicki.md

* Update sedzia-kornel.md

* Update shadow.md

* Update sigma-boy.md

* Update taras.md

* Update tomasz-warchol.md

* Korekta

* Update vincent-caravaggio.md

* Korekta

* Update bracia-fux.md

* Update budapest-bastards.md

* Update legia-lysych.md

* Update nietykalni.md

* Update royal-rebels.md

* Update zieloni.md

* Korekta

* Zepsuty link

* Apply suggestion from @k3rni

* Update content/w/sigma-boy.md

---------

Co-authored-by: M3n747 <115824993+M3n747@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Krzysztof Zych <k33rni@gmail.com>

content/w/sigma-boy.md, after:

+++
title = "Sigma Boy xD"
template = "talent_page.html"
authors = ["Szymon Iwulski", "Sewi The Referee"]
[extra]
toclevel = 2
[taxonomies]
country = ["PL"]
+++

Sigma Boy XD is a Polish wrestler known for his appearances in [Prime Time Wrestling](@/o/ptw.md).

## Basic info

* Years active: 2025-present
* Gimmicks/nicknames:
  - Sigma Boy xD {{ org_badge(org='ptw') }}
* Trained by:
  - [PTW Academy](@/o/ptw-academy.md)
  - [Max Speed](@/w/max-speed.md)

## Professional wrestling career

### Prime Time Wrestling (2025-present)

#### Debut and early rivalries

On January 30th, PTW announced the first quarter-final match for the [PTW Underground Championship](@/c/ptw-underground-championship.md), in which Max Speed was going to take on a debuting rookie. The rookie turned out to be Sigma Boy xD - a bright and playful character, inspired by Generation Alpha Internet culture. He was acknowledged as Speed's real life pupil from the Academy and after a competitive match, he lost in the quarter finals. In addition to appearing in his own matches, he started to occasionally support Max Speed, evening the odds when his mentor was attacked.

At [PTW: Wiosenna Bijatyka](@/e/ptw/2025-03-15-ptw-wiosenna-bijatyka.md) Sigma Boy faced [Alex Brave](@/w/alex-brave.md) in a losing effort. Later that night, he countered Brave's interference in a ladder match for the PTW Underground Championship, helping Speed become the inaugural champion.

[Pan Pawłowski](@/w/pan-pawlowski.md) started to set his sights on Sigma, trying to provide him with unsolicited "guidance". As part of that storyline, he gave Sigma a match for the BestYa Slam Championship against [Dawid "Puncher" Seńko](@/w/puncher.md) at [PTW: Prezes vs Prezes](@/e/ptw/2025-04-12-ptw-prezes-vs-prezes.md). Still in the infancy stage of his career, Sigma Boy xD failed to defeat the reigning champion. 

At [PTW: Dzień Dziecka](@/e/ptw/2025-05-31-ptw-dzien-dziecka.md), Boy scored his first victory against [El G](@/w/el-g.md).

#### Meeting the father

During the final moments of [Apokalipsa](@/e/ptw/2025-08-30-ptw-apokalipsa.md) Pawłowski addressed the audience with another devastating announcement: Arkadiusz revealed that Sigma Boy xD is in fact the bastard son of [Łukasz "Prezes" Okoński](@/w/lukasz-okonski.md). This caused Sigma Boy xD's meltdown and seemingly him joining Pawłowski, who comforted him after this revelation. Łukasz later admitted in Instagram promos that he is in fact the father of Sigma Boy xD and tried to mend fences with him, but he was pushed away by his son. His whole conflict with his father was however quickly resolved, as at the next show - [Ból Istnienia](@/e/ptw/2025-09-28-ptw-bol-istnienia.md) - Sigma Boy xD and Okoński teamed up against [Royal Rebels](@/tt/royal-rebels.md) for the [PTW Tag Team Championship](@/c/ptw-tag-team-championship.md), against Sigma's will. They lost the match owing to Pawłowski's interference, but at the end of the show, when the villainous PTW promoter tried to convince Sigma to pierce his father with a lightsaber, the young padawan turned on his [Nietykalni](@/tt/nietykalni.md) master and joined Team Okoński.

After fixing his relationship with his father, Sigma joined Team Okoński and continued his feud with Nietykalni. Team Okoński faced them in an Elimination Tag Team Match at [Haloweenowa Rozpierducha](@/e/ptw/2025-10-25-ptw-halloweenowa-rozpierducha.md), where Team Okoński lost both the match and further championship opportunity for Spartan due to [Nano Lopez's](@/w/nano-lopez.md) betrayal of Team Okoński. 

Starting with [All About the Moné](@/e/ptw/2025-07-27-ptw-all-about-the-mone.md) in July 2025, Sigma Boy joined forces with [Miyagi Shida](@/w/miyagi-shida.md)) to form a new Tag Team called "Miyagi Sigma". They immediately tried to compete against [Royal Rebels](@/tt/royal-rebels.md) - part of [Pawłowski's](@/w/pan-pawlowski.md) [Nietykalni](@/tt/nietykalni.md) - for the [PTW Tag Team Championship](@/c/ptw-tag-team-championship.md). 

## International wrestling appearances

As part of the new working relationship between PTW and the Austrian promotion Rings of Europe, he was announced to compete at the promotion's SummerCrush show on 25.07.2025, marking his international debut.

## In wrestling

* Finishers:
  - _Sigma Destroyer_ (Canadian destroyer) (2025-)
* Tag Teams and stables:
  - Miyagi Sigma (2025-)
* Entrance music:
  - "Sigma Boy" by Betsy & Maria Yankovskaya
    {{ org_badge(org='ptw') }} (2025-) <br>
    {{ music(yt='ueNY30Cs8Lk&ab')}}
    {{ music(spot='23UBSdCPcsloNVmQZ508Zv')}}
    {{ music(apple='769211908?i=1769212251')}}

## Internet presence

* [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/sigmaboy_ptw/)

## References

* [International debut announcement](https://www.facebook.com/photo?fbid=1288715599378324&set=a.533801284869763)
