content/w/taras.md, before:

+++
title = "Taras"
template = "talent_page.html"
authors = ["Sewi The Referee"]
[extra]
toclevel = 2
[taxonomies]
country = ["PL"]
+++

Taras is a retired Polish wrestler best known for his tenure in [Prime Time Wrestling](@/o/ptw.md) between 2021 and 2024. He also appeared in [Legacy of Wrestling](@/o/low.md) and [Maniac Zone Wrestling](@/o/mzw.md).

## Basic info

* Years active: 2021-2025
* Gimmicks/nicknames:
  - Taras {{ org_badge(orgs=['ptw', 'low', 'mzw']) }}
* Trained by:
  - [PTW Academy](@/o/ptw-academy.md) (2021-2024)
 
## Professional wrestling career

### Prime Time Wrestling (2021-2024)

#### Debut and PAKA formation

Taras joined [Prime Time Wrestling](@/o/ptw.md), a new federation owned by [Arkadiusz Pawłowski](@/w/pan-pawlowski.md), early in its development. During training and preparations he was paired with [Boro](@/w/boro.md) and [Disco Pablo](@/w/disco-pablo.md) as a trio called PAKA (loosely _The PACK_). They were portrayed as laid-back babyfaces who'd known each other since childhood. Taras was portrayed as a good-hearted lad and the de-facto leader of PAKA.

Taras made his in-ring debut in the opener of PTW's first show ever - [REVOLUCJA](@/e/ptw/2021-10-09-ptw-1-revolucja.md) - where he faced and defeated German veteran and ex-[WWE](@/o/wwe.md) talent Axel Tischer. During the build-up for the match he was hailed as the first-ever alumni trained only in [PTW Academy](@/o/ptw-academy.md).

For the first few shows, PAKA focused on establishing themselves as babyfaces and Pawłowski's favourites against heels such as [Sinister](@/w/sinister.md), [Dziedzic](@/w/dziedzic.md) and [Remo](@/w/remo.md).

#### Feud wih Bad Bones

Later on Taras - alongside his partners from PAKA - got involved in a feud against [Bad Bones](bad-bones.md), who was then trying to destroy Pawłowski and his federation from the inside. Taras was beaten up and injured after one of the training sessions held at [PTW Performance Center](@/v/ptw-targowa.md) by an annonymous attacker - who, almost two years later, was revealed to be [Longman](@/w/wiktor-longman.md). The feud between Taras and Bad Bones ended when the Polish wrestler was defeated at [PTW x Ryucon 2022](@/e/ptw/2022-07-31-ptw-x-ryucon.md).

#### Feud with Pure Gold

Not long after his defeat in his match against Bad Bones, Taras and PAKA started a feud with Pure Gold - the team of [Gabriel Queen](@/w/gabriel-queen.md) and [Vic Golden](@/w/vic-golden.md) - which would later evolve into a Tag Team Tournament for the [PTW Tag Team Championship](@/c/ptw-tag-team-championship.md). They lost a Tag Team Match against Pure Gold at [PTW #3: Legends](@/e/ptw/2022-11-26-ptw-3-legends.md), but managed to advance to the finals of the Tag Team Tournament while still feuding with Pure Gold, and the newly formed heel faction, Legia Łysych ([Marco Hammers](@/w/marco-hammers.md) and [Olgierd](@/w/olgierd.md)). Taras and Pablo ultimately won the [PTW Tag Team Championship](@/c/ptw-tag-team-championship.md) in a Tables Match against Pure Gold at [PTW #4: The Mystery](@/e/ptw/2023-06-25-ptw-4-mystery.md).

#### Championship reign

PAKA made their first title defence at [PTW x Ryucon 2](@/e/ptw/2023-07-16-ptw-x-ryucon.md) where they faced Budapest Bastards. They emerged victorious, but afterwards an attack from Legia Łysych caused the match to be ruled no-contest by the Referee. After that Taras got involved in fighting off Legia Łysych and Gabriel Queen in a six-man tag team match at [Underground 16](@/e/ptw/2023-07-30-ptw-underground-16.md), as well as some exhibition matches. He did not defend his championship until [Gold Rush](@/e/ptw/2024-02-03-ptw-5-gold-rush.md), where he and Pablo faced [Budapest Bastards](@/tt/budapest-bastards.md), MxM Collection and [Sinister Kingdom](@/tt/sinister-kingdom.md). PAKA had ultimately lost the PTW Tag Team Championship to Budapest Bastards.

#### Final feuds and departure

After the post-Gold Rush reveal that Wiktor Longman was the one who attacked Taras almost two years prior, Longman announced that he would destroy Pawłowski and his allies from PAKA. Since Boro was already seriously injured by him previously, his next target was Taras. At [Underground 21](@/e/ptw/2024-04-13-ptw-underground-21.md) the member of PAKA eventually lost and got injured by Wiktor Longman to such a degree, that he had to be carried out on a stretcher. It was Taras' final appearance in the PTW ring.

### Legacy of Wrestling (2024-2025)

#### Surprise debut and finishing the PAKA

Taras made his debut during [Legacy of Wrestling's](@/o/low.md) [first show](@/e/low/2024-12-01-low-1.md). During a music chairs contest held by Disco Pablo, the masked Taras barged into the ring and viciously attacked both Pablo and [Piotr Małecki](@/w/piotr-malecki.md). After unmasking himself he finished off Pablo with a GTS and put Piotr through a table.

In his Instagram stories, Taras stated that he'd supposedly been abandoned by his partners almost eight months prior - possibly referring to him being attacked at Underground 21 - and declaring that PAKA had been officially disbanded.
Taras met Pablo face-to-face at [Legacy's next show](@/e/low/2025-04-06-low-2.md) where, after a brief but heated argument followed by a brawl, they were announced to face each other at [Legacy vol. 3](@/e/low/2025-07-11-low-3.md).
Taras lost the match - which was officiated by another ex-PAKA member, Boro - which seemingly led to his retirement from professional wrestling.

## International wrestling appearances 

In 2021 Taras made his only international appearance in career, where he worked for Baltic Championship Wrestling in Germany.

## In wrestling

* Finishers:
  - _Dzida_ (Spear) (2021-2024)
  - GTS (2024-2025)
* With [Disco Pablo](@/w/disco-pablo.md):
  - _Blok 3D_ (Flapjack (Pablo) and Cutter (Taras) combination) (2022-2024)
* Tag Teams and stables:
  - PAKA (2021-2024)
* Entrance music:
  - "To my!" by 52 Dębiec
    {{ org_badge(orgs=['ptw']) }} (2021-2023) <br>
    {{ music(yt='XcQdJyo1B-8')}}
    {{ music(spot='3mvtAnOK9CoHvVCsqrixj5')}}
    {{ music(apple='619262718?i=619262888')}}
  - "Treachery (From &quot;Bleach&quot;) - Metal Version" by Rocco Minichiello
    {{ org_badge(orgs=['low']) }} (2025) <br>
    {{ music(yt='ODiQqVC1b9o')}}
    {{ music(spot='6DedcdH8ri4pgtllVhPbLx')}}
    {{ music(apple='1780533525?i=1780533526')}}

## Championships and accomplishments

* [Prime Time Wrestling](@/o/ptw.md):
  - [PTW Tag Team Championship](@/c/ptw-tag-team-championship.md) (1 time; inaugural) - with [Boro](@/w/boro.md) and [Disco Pablo](@/w/disco-pablo.md)
  - PTW Tag Team Championship Tournament (2023) - with [Boro](@/w/boro.md) and [Disco Pablo](@/w/disco-pablo.md)

## Internet presence

* [Taras's Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/taras.wrestling)

## References

* [Cagematch profile page](https://www.cagematch.net/?id=2&nr=27194)

Commit message:

Update'y Biosów 2: Zemsta UEFI (#2441)
* Update pan-pawlowski.md

* Update piotr-opolski.md

* Zepsuty link

* Update polski-niedzwiedz.md

* Update puncher.md

* Update remo.md

* Update renegade.md

* Update riverman.md

* Update robert-star.md

* Update rusalka.md

* Update sambor.md

* Update sawicki.md

* Update sedzia-kornel.md

* Update shadow.md

* Update sigma-boy.md

* Update taras.md

* Update tomasz-warchol.md

* Korekta

* Update vincent-caravaggio.md

* Korekta

* Update bracia-fux.md

* Update budapest-bastards.md

* Update legia-lysych.md

* Update nietykalni.md

* Update royal-rebels.md

* Update zieloni.md

* Korekta

* Zepsuty link

* Apply suggestion from @k3rni

* Update content/w/sigma-boy.md

---------

Co-authored-by: M3n747 <115824993+M3n747@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Krzysztof Zych <k33rni@gmail.com>

content/w/taras.md, after:

+++
title = "Taras"
template = "talent_page.html"
authors = ["Sewi The Referee"]
[extra]
toclevel = 2
[taxonomies]
country = ["PL"]
+++

Taras is a retired Polish wrestler best known for his tenure in [Prime Time Wrestling](@/o/ptw.md) between 2021 and 2024. He also appeared in [Legacy of Wrestling](@/o/low.md) and [Maniac Zone Wrestling](@/o/mzw.md).

## Basic info

* Years active: 2021-2025
* Gimmicks/nicknames:
  - Taras {{ org_badge(orgs=['ptw', 'low', 'mzw']) }}
* Trained by:
  - [PTW Academy](@/o/ptw-academy.md) (2021-2024)
 
## Professional wrestling career

### Prime Time Wrestling (2021-2024)

#### Debut and PAKA formation

Taras joined [Prime Time Wrestling](@/o/ptw.md), a new federation owned by [Arkadiusz Pawłowski](@/w/pan-pawlowski.md), early in its development. During training and preparations he was paired with [Boro](@/w/boro.md) and [Disco Pablo](@/w/disco-pablo.md) as a trio called PAKA (loosely _The PACK_). They were portrayed as laid-back babyfaces who'd known each other since childhood. Taras was portrayed as a good-hearted lad and the de-facto leader of PAKA.

Taras made his in-ring debut in the opener of PTW's first show ever - [REVOLUCJA](@/e/ptw/2021-10-09-ptw-1-revolucja.md) - where he faced and defeated German veteran and ex-[WWE](@/o/wwe.md) talent Axel Tischer. During the build-up for the match he was hailed as the first-ever alumni trained only in [PTW Academy](@/o/ptw-academy.md).

For the first few shows, PAKA focused on establishing themselves as babyfaces and Pawłowski's favourites against heels such as [Sinister](@/w/sinister.md), [Dziedzic](@/w/dziedzic.md) and [Remo](@/w/remo.md).

#### Feud wih Bad Bones

Later on Taras - alongside his partners from PAKA - got involved in a feud against [Bad Bones](bad-bones.md), who was then trying to destroy Pawłowski and his federation from the inside. Taras was beaten up and injured after one of the training sessions held at [PTW Performance Center](@/v/ptw-targowa.md) by an annonymous attacker - who, almost two years later, was revealed to be [Longman](@/w/wiktor-longman.md). The feud between Taras and Bad Bones ended when the Polish wrestler was defeated at [PTW x Ryucon 2022](@/e/ptw/2022-07-31-ptw-x-ryucon.md).

#### Feud with Pure Gold

Not long after his defeat in his match against Bad Bones, Taras and PAKA started a feud with Pure Gold - the team of [Gabriel Queen](@/w/gabriel-queen.md) and [Vic Golden](@/w/vic-golden.md) - which would later evolve into a Tag Team Tournament for the [PTW Tag Team Championship](@/c/ptw-tag-team-championship.md). They lost a Tag Team Match against Pure Gold at [PTW #3: Legends](@/e/ptw/2022-11-26-ptw-3-legends.md), but managed to advance to the finals of the Tag Team Tournament while still feuding with Pure Gold, and the newly formed heel faction, Legia Łysych ([Marco Hammers](@/w/marco-hammers.md) and [Olgierd](@/w/olgierd.md)). Taras and Pablo ultimately won the [PTW Tag Team Championship](@/c/ptw-tag-team-championship.md) in a Tables Match against Pure Gold at [PTW #4: The Mystery](@/e/ptw/2023-06-25-ptw-4-mystery.md).

#### Championship reign

PAKA made their first title defence at [PTW x Ryucon 2](@/e/ptw/2023-07-16-ptw-x-ryucon.md) where they faced Budapest Bastards. They emerged victorious, but afterwards an attack from Legia Łysych caused the match to be ruled no-contest by the Referee. After that Taras got involved in fighting off Legia Łysych and Gabriel Queen in a six-man tag team match at [Underground 16](@/e/ptw/2023-07-30-ptw-underground-16.md), as well as some exhibition matches. He did not defend his championship until [Gold Rush](@/e/ptw/2024-02-03-ptw-5-gold-rush.md), where he and Pablo faced [Budapest Bastards](@/tt/budapest-bastards.md), MxM Collection and [Sinister Kingdom](@/tt/sinister-kingdom.md). PAKA had ultimately lost the PTW Tag Team Championship to Budapest Bastards.

#### Final feuds and departure

After the post-Gold Rush reveal that Wiktor Longman was the one who attacked Taras almost two years prior, Longman announced that he would destroy Pawłowski and his allies from PAKA. Since Boro was already seriously injured by him previously, his next target was Taras. At [Underground 21](@/e/ptw/2024-04-13-ptw-underground-21.md) the member of PAKA eventually lost and got injured by Wiktor Longman to such a degree, that he had to be carried out on a stretcher. It was Taras' final appearance in the PTW ring.

### Legacy of Wrestling (2024-2025)

#### Surprise debut and finishing the PAKA

Taras made his debut during [Legacy of Wrestling's](@/o/low.md) [first show](@/e/low/2024-12-01-low-1.md). During a music chairs contest held by Disco Pablo, the masked Taras barged into the ring and viciously attacked both Pablo and [Piotr Małecki](@/w/piotr-malecki.md). After unmasking himself he finished off Pablo with a GTS and put Piotr through a table.

In his Instagram stories, Taras stated that he'd supposedly been abandoned by his partners almost eight months prior - possibly referring to him being attacked at Underground 21 - and declaring that PAKA had been officially disbanded.
Taras met Pablo face-to-face at [Legacy's next show](@/e/low/2025-04-06-low-2.md) where, after a brief but heated argument followed by a brawl, they were announced to face each other at [Legacy vol. 3](@/e/low/2025-07-11-low-3.md).
Taras lost the match - which was officiated by another ex-PAKA member, Boro - which seemingly led to his retirement from professional wrestling.

### Maniac Zone Wrestling (2025)

At [MZW Forever](@/e/mzw/2025-03-29-mzw-forever.md) Taras made his sole appearance for [Maniac Zone Wrestling](@/o/mzw.md), attacking Disco Pablo post-match as part of their feud which started at Legacy of Wrestling.

## International wrestling appearances 

In 2021 Taras made his only international appearance in career, where he worked for Baltic Championship Wrestling in Germany.

## In wrestling

* Finishers:
  - _Dzida_ (Spear) (2021-2024)
  - GTS (2024-2025)
* With [Disco Pablo](@/w/disco-pablo.md):
  - _Blok 3D_ (Flapjack (Pablo) and Cutter (Taras) combination) (2022-2024)
* Tag Teams and stables:
  - [PAKA](@/tt/paka.md) (2021-2024)
* Entrance music:
  - "To my!" by 52 Dębiec
    {{ org_badge(orgs=['ptw']) }} (2021-2023) <br>
    {{ music(yt='XcQdJyo1B-8')}}
    {{ music(spot='3mvtAnOK9CoHvVCsqrixj5')}}
    {{ music(apple='619262718?i=619262888')}}
  - "Treachery (From &quot;Bleach&quot;) - Metal Version" by Rocco Minichiello
    {{ org_badge(orgs=['low']) }} (2025) <br>
    {{ music(yt='ODiQqVC1b9o')}}
    {{ music(spot='6DedcdH8ri4pgtllVhPbLx')}}
    {{ music(apple='1780533525?i=1780533526')}}

## Championships and accomplishments

* [Prime Time Wrestling](@/o/ptw.md):
  - [PTW Tag Team Championship](@/c/ptw-tag-team-championship.md) (1 time; inaugural) - with [Boro](@/w/boro.md) and [Disco Pablo](@/w/disco-pablo.md)
  - PTW Tag Team Championship Tournament (2023) - with [Boro](@/w/boro.md) and [Disco Pablo](@/w/disco-pablo.md)

## Internet presence

* [Taras's Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/taras.wrestling)

## References

* [Cagematch profile page](https://www.cagematch.net/?id=2&nr=27194)
