+++
title = "DFW Showcase @ ZST Toruń"
template = "event_page.html"
authors = ["Krzysztof Zych"]
[taxonomies]
chronology = ["dfw"]
[extra]
city = "Toruń"
toclevel = 2
+++

The fifth show by [DFW](@/o/dfw.md) was held, unlike usual, on Thursday, March 10th 2016. The show was held at {{ map_pin(v="ZST Toruń") }}ZST Toruń, which is a trade school, mainly focused on teaching jobs in the building industry. It also organizes classes preparing for military duty, where students wear military uniforms without insignia, and are expected to respect military-like discipline. It is for these classes that this show was held, in the school's auditorium.

## Card

{% card() %}
- - '[Pain Killer](@/w/pain-killer.md); [Chris Hunter](@/w/chris-hunter.md)'
  - '[Revage](@/w/rafael-kid.md)'
  - r: 'Knockout'
- - '[PJ Blake](@/w/pj-blake.md)'
  - '[Corin Mear](@/w/corin-mear.md)'
- - '[Chris Hunter](@/w/chris-hunter.md)'
  - '[Charlie](@/w/madman-charlie.md)'
  - s: Street Fight Match
- credits:
    Referees: '[Charlie](@/w/madman-charlie.md), [Pain Killer](@/w/pain-killer.md)'
    Ring Announcer: '[Announcer Radek](@/w/mr-black.md)'
{% end %}

### Recap

* Charlie was the special ref for the first match, while Pain Killer was the ref for Charlie's match.
* The ring broke (the top turnbuckle detached) after Revage ran into a corner with Pain Killer on his back trying to choke him. This is visible at about 3:58 in the recap video.
* At one point, Chris Hunter confronts a uniformed member of the audience. Seconds later, we see Chris receive a headscissor takedown from that audience member, about 13:06 in the recap video.

## References

* [YouTube recap video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XgwADGiH1Q8)
