+++
title = "NQW Show #1"
template = "event_page.html"
authors = ["M3n747"]
[taxonomies]
chronology = ["nqw"]
[extra]
city = "Warszawa"
toclevel = 2
hide_pagination = true
has_video = false
[extra.gallery]
manifest = "@/e/nqw/2007-04-02-nqw-1-gallery.toml"
+++

This was [New Quality Wrestling's](@/o/nqw.md) first show. It was held in the back yard of one the group's members, with a pile of mattresses used in lieu of a ring. The date of 2.04.2007 was given by the participants of the show as the most likely.

## Card

{% card() %}
- - 'Suicide & Kermit'
  - '[LJ Blade](@/w/istociarz.md) & Barry Matt'
  - s: Elimination Tag Team Match
    n: The match ended with Suicide pinning LJ Blade.
- - 'Barry Matt'
  - 'Froggy'
- - 'Suicide'
  - '[LJ Blade](@/w/istociarz.md)'
- credits:
    Referees: 'Piotrek, [LJ Blade](@/w/istociarz.md)'
    Ring announcer: 'Kaja Żurawiecka'
{% end %}

### Recap

* According to [Istociarz](@/w/istociarz.md) from the Istota Wrestlingu podcast, who wrestled as LJ Blade, all but two people (him and Suicide) present at the show were forced to be there and take on different roles.
* There seemed to be the total of nine people in attendance: four workers, one ring announcer, one referee, one camera operator and two people who did nothing.
* The Gorilla Position included a bush for the workers to hide behind.
* Early in the show the audio was mired by plentiful technical issues, likely due to incorrect handling of the microphone.
* The show was intermittently accompanied by music playing from a stereo.
* Some members of the audience seemed more interesting in fixing their hookah than in watching the on-mattress action.
* At one point in the first match LJ Blade pins Suicide and Referee Piotrek counts to three, but LJ says that his opponent kicked out, even though that clearly did not happen. Everybody in attendance laughed, but went along with it.
* LJ Blade attempted a Piledriver on Suicide, who slipped out of LJ's grip and fell flat on his face, much to everyone's amusement.
* One of the audience members called out to Suicide "[Weeman's](@/w/pan-pawlowski.md) gonna laugh at you!" (referencing Pawłowski's username from Attitude Forum).
* Kaja, the ring announcer, botched her announcement of Barry Matt's city. There's a hard cut and the entrance is repeated.
* For the second fight, Kermit was announced as "Froggy". The match was officiated by LJ Blade.
* Barry Matt performed a Moonsault-like backflip from a standing position, only to find out Froggy had long since moved away.
* Referee LJ Blade counted to three and called for the bell (which was him going "ding-ding-ding!") despite Froggy kicking out, which led to some disagreement from the audience.
* Kaja made another mistake, by announcing LJ Blade as hailing from Poznań. There was a cut and she announced him again as hailing from Nyborg, Denmark.
* A completely unrelated little girl observed the show from a balcony, clapping and cheering. She later came down to high-five the workers.
* As the third fight was about to begin, one of the audience members could be heard saying "At the end we're chanting _baker!_" (_Pod koniec krzyczymy "piekarz!"_).
* A little later Kaja said "We're watching this like a chess match".
* An audience member jokingly asked the aforementioned little girl for access to her balcony, for the purposes of even higher spots.
* Urged by LJ Blade, a person from the audience seemingly stabbed Suicide in the forehead with a foreign object (that appeared to be a plastic fork), causing both workers to oversell.
* After Suicide's jump from the ladder, an audience member can be heard saying "That was a Dick Splash, not a Frog Splash" (_To był Chuj Splash, nie Frog Splash_).
* Somebody attacked Suicide - held in a headlock by LJ Blade - with smoke from the hookah. After the fight, Suicide reciprocated.
* After the last match there's cut, followed by some more fighting between LJ Blade and Suicide, although this time it seems more like a demonstration of various techniques.
* The aforementioned little girl had come down and was observing the action from the ground level. LJ Blade held Suicide up in the air and urged her to touch him. When she shyly refused, he replied "Then I'm gonna kill him", before delivering a Piledriver (but not before Suicide got stabbed in the buttocks with a plastic fork).
* The show ends with everybody heading out for an after-party.
