+++
title = "KPW Arena 2"
template = "event_page.html"
[taxonomies]
chronology = ["kpw", "arena"]
venue = ["gimnazjum-8-gdansk"]
[extra]
city = "Gdańsk"
toclevel = 2
[extra.gallery]
1 = { path = "2016-04-30-kpw-arena-2-plakat.jpg", caption = "Official poster, showing [Ron Corvus](@/w/ron-corvus.md), [Bianca](@/w/bianca.md), [Piękny Kawaler](@/w/piekny-kawaler.md), [Greg](@/w/greg.md), [Kaszub](@/w/kaszub.md), [Robert Star](@/w/robert-star.md) and [Luxus](@/w/luxus.md).", source = "kpwrestling.pl / Official KPW Facebook" }
+++

The second Arena event, held on Saturday, April 30, 2016, was a return to Gdańsk, and the same venue that held DDW's final shows and KPW's [inaugural event](@/e/kpw/2015-11-14-kpw-vs-the-world-hungary-for-kombat.md).

Kawaler's heel faction Kawaleria (_The Cavalry_) dominated the show. There was one foreign wrestler invited to perform: Ron Corvus from Hungary, already a frequent face from the DDW days. This was also the debut of two new characters: [Peter Pannache](@/w/peter-pannache.md), who quickly became popular with the fans, and [Sawicki](@/w/sawicki.md), future KPW Tag Team Champion with [Victor Rosetti](@/w/rosetti.md).

## Card

{% card() %}
- ["[Boski Ostrowski](@/w/ostrowski.md); [Mira](@/w/mira.md)", "[Gracjan Korpo](@/w/gracjan-korpo.md);
    [Krzysztof Zasada](@/w/krzysztof-zasada.md)"]
- ["[David Oliwa](@/w/david-oliwa.md)", "[Sawicki](@/w/sawicki.md)"]
- ["[Peter Pannache](@/w/peter-pannache.md)", "[Damian Lambert](@/w/damien-rothschild.md)"]
- ["[Piękny Kawaler](@/w/piekny-kawaler.md)", "[Ron Corvus](@/w/ron-corvus.md)"]
- ["[Robert Star](@/w/robert-star.md)", "[Kaszub](@/w/kaszub.md)", "[Luxus](@/w/luxus.md)",
  "[Greg](@/w/greg.md)", {s: "[KPW Championship](@/c/kpw-championship.md) Contender Ladder Match"}]
- credits:
    Ring announcer: '[Arkadiusz Pawłowski](@/w/pan-pawlowski.md)'
    Referee: '[Krystian Malinowski](@/w/krystian-malinowski.md)'
{% end %}

### Recap

- During a ringside altercation between Zasada and [Mira](@/w/mira.md), Korpo is hit with a briefcase to the head, later wants to hit Zasada with a Deadline, but only pushes him away.
  Fans cheer the mistreated manager.
- Lambert was to face [Kamil Aleksander](@/w/kamil-aleksander.md), who got suspended after Kawaler revealed some controversial information. Cuts a promo belittling the entire locker room,
  and asks for a new opponent to face. [Peter Pannache](@/w/peter-pannache.md) debuts with his "Hańba!" (_Dishonor!_) catchphrase to great reactions.
- Corvus dominates early, but Kawaler's faction intervenes and draws him backstage. Reappears beaten up, and Kawaler takes control of the match.
- KPW's first ladder match ever with forming temporary tag teams. Robert bleeds from a ladder hit, while Kawaler intervenes and denies [Kaszub](@/w/kaszub.md) the win. Robert drops him
  from the top of the ladder with a Rockstar Hangover, then climbs it and grabs the contract.

## References

* [Cagematch event page](https://www.cagematch.net/?id=1&nr=153085)
* [KPW's page](https://kpwrestling.pl/events/kpw-arena-2/)
* [Facebook event page](https://www.facebook.com/events/947913448662744/)
