+++
title = "KPW Arena 1"
template = "event_page.html"
authors = ["Krzysztof Zych", "M3n747"]
[taxonomies]
chronology = ["kpw", "arena"]
venue = ["trabki-wielkie"]
[extra]
city = "Trąbki Wielkie"
toclevel = 2
[extra.gallery]
1 = { path = "2016-02-27-kpw-arena-1-plakat.jpg", caption = "Official poster, showing [Kamil Aleksander](@/w/kamil-aleksander.md), [Piękny Kawaler](@/w/piekny-kawaler.md) and [Robert Star](@/w/robert-star.md)", source = "kpwrestling.pl / Official KPW Facebook" }
+++

The first of KPW's regular Arena shows was held on February 27, 2016, in Trąbki Wielkie, a village about 20&nbsp;km south of Gdańsk. A local school's gymnastics hall was the venue.

In 2016, a total of four Arena shows were held: three in the first half of the year, and one in November. This pattern became KPW's regular show cadence, adding the supershow Godzina Zero in the middle of August. It was mostly upheld until 2019, completely paused in 2020 and 2021 due to the COVID-19 pandemic, resuming in 2022. Since 2017, shows at OldTown and later Pyrkon replaced the Arena show held in June.

## Card

{% card() %}
- - '[Boski Ostrowski](@/w/ostrowski.md) w/ [Mira](@/w/mira.md)'
  - '[Victor Rosetti](@/w/rosetti.md) w/ [Bianca](@/w/bianca.md)'
- - '[Gracjan Korpo](@/w/gracjan-korpo.md) w/ [Krzysztof Zasada](@/w/krzysztof-zasada.md)'
  - '[David Oliwa](@/w/david-oliwa.md)'
- - '[Robert Star](@/w/robert-star.md)'
  - '[Kawaleria](@/tt/kawaleria.md): [Greg](@/w/greg.md) & [Luxus](@/w/luxus.md)'
  - r: DQ
    s: 'Two On One Handicap Match'
- - '[Damian Lambert](@/w/damian-lambert.md)'
  - '[Kaszub](@/w/kaszub.md)'
  - s: 'No Disqualification Match'
- - '[Kamil Aleksander](@/w/kamil-aleksander.md)'
  - '[Piękny Kawaler](@/w/piekny-kawaler.md)'
  - nc: 'No Contest'
    s: '[KPW Championship](@/c/kpw-championship.md) #1 Contender Match'
- - '[Kamil Aleksander](@/w/kamil-aleksander.md) & [Robert Star](@/w/robert-star.md)'
  - '[Kawaleria](@/tt/kawaleria.md): [Greg](@/w/greg.md) & [Luxus](@/w/luxus.md)'
  - s: 'Tag Team Match'
- credits:
    Ring announcer: '[Arkadiusz Pawłowski](@/w/pan-pawlowski.md)'
    Referee: '[Karol Górski](@/w/iskra.md), [Krystian Malinowski](@/w/krystian-malinowski.md)'
{% end %}

### Recap

* [Rosetti](@/w/rosetti.md) is announced as the boss's personal security guard. Initially avoids Ostrowski by exiting the ring.
* [Greg](@/w/greg.md) attacked Robert with a hubcap, leading to a DQ. A beatdown followed, but was interrupted by [Kaszub](@/w/kaszub.md).
* Apart from wrestling, a mid-show break included performances by cheerleaders and the local karate club
* Lambert and [Kaszub](@/w/kaszub.md) brawl with chairs, flags and dustbins. Applied the Lambert Lock to win.
* After Kamil entered the ring, Kawaler's music hit but he was nowhere to be seen. After a long wait, and some phone calls,
  the match is declared a no contest and Kamil wins his title shot. Kamil grabs the mic and cuts a promo about Kawaler.
  The music hits again, Kawaler and his faction appear and attack Kamil. [Robert Star](@/w/robert-star.md) intervenes. A tag team match is
  immediately announced.
* After the pin on [Greg](@/w/greg.md), Kawaler interferes again, taking a kendo stick to both Kamil and Robert.

## References

* [Cagematch event page](https://www.cagematch.net/?id=1&nr=153084)
* [Video: event highlights](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OiBXZ27-mC8)
* [KPW's event page](https://kpwrestling.pl/events/kpw-arena-1/)
