content/e/kpw/2016-06-11-kpw-arena-3.md, before:

+++
title = "KPW Arena 3"
template = "event_page.html"
authors = ["Krzysztof Zych", "M3n747"]
[taxonomies]
chronology = ["kpw", "arena"]
venue = ["gimnazjum-8-gdansk"]
[extra]
city = "Gdańsk"
toclevel = 2
[extra.gallery]
1 = { path = "2016-06-11-kpw-arena-3-plakat.jpg", caption = "Official poster, featuring [Damian Lambert](@/w/damien-rothschild.md), [Piękny Kawaler](@/w/piekny-kawaler.md), [Robert Star](@/w/robert-star.md) and [Kamil Aleksander](@/w/kamil-aleksander.md).", source = "kpwrestling.pl / Official KPW Facebook" }
+++

The third Arena show was held on Saturday, June 11, 2016, in the gymnastics hall of [Gimnazjum 8](@/v/gimnazjum-8-gdansk.md) in Gdańsk.

The event featured DDW character Kamil Leśny joining KPW, as a member of the [Kawaleria](@/tt/kawaleria.md) faction.

## Card

{% card() %}
- ['[Greg](@/w/greg.md)', '[David Oliwa](@/w/david-oliwa.md)']
- ["[Gracjan Korpo](@/w/gracjan-korpo.md); [Krzysztof Zasada](@/w/krzysztof-zasada.md)",
  "[Peter Pannache](@/w/peter-pannache.md)", {r: "DQ"}]
- ["[Boski Ostrowski](@/w/ostrowski.md); [Mira](@/w/mira.md)", "[Luxus](@/w/luxus.md)"]
- ['[Kamil Aleksander](@/w/kamil-aleksander.md)', '[Damian Lambert](@/w/damien-rothschild.md)']
- ['[Piękny Kawaler](@/w/piekny-kawaler.md)', '[Robert Star](@/w/robert-star.md)',
  {s: "[KPW Championship](@/c/kpw-championship.md) Contendership Match"}]
- credits:
    Ring announcer: '[Arkadiusz Pawłowski](@/w/pan-pawlowski.md)'
{% end %}

### Recap

- [Greg](@/w/greg.md) enters in a bad mood because his entrance music is missing. Dawid is distracted by [Luxus](@/w/luxus.md).
- During the second match, Lambert pops out from under the ring holding a chair. Zasada tries to stop him, only to get some chair in his face. Pannache cowers,
  ready for the chairshot but Korpo receives it instead, leading to a DQ. A second chair does land on Pannache while he was talking to the referee.
- [Greg](@/w/greg.md) intervenes and attacks [Mira](@/w/mira.md). She retaliates by slapping him, and Ostrowski lands a suicide dive on Greg. [Luxus](@/w/luxus.md) wants Greg to restrain his opponent,
  but Mira intervenes again with a low-blow. Luxus pins, but Greg distracts the ref who starts the count late.
- Kamil returns after suspension, applies various locks and holds to his opponent. Lambert does a Three Amigos on Kamil, but loses to a Semper Invictus.
- Kawaler starts in the ring with his faction, and cuts a promo on Robert, promising the same result as [three years ago](@/e/ddw/2013-10-25-ddw-9.md).
  [Bianca](@/w/bianca.md) enters in a sexy referee outfit. Robert enters with KISS-inspired face paint on. Robert applies a Sharpshooter, but is distracted by a masked character
  at ringside. Superkicks him for good measure, but this allows Kawaler to recover and pin Robert. The masked character turns out to be Leśny.

## References

* [Cagematch event page](https://www.cagematch.net/?id=1&nr=156336)
* [KPW's event page](https://kpwrestling.pl/events/kpw-arena-3/)
* [Facebook event page](https://www.facebook.com/events/499428670246486/)

Commit message:

Stare grafiki KPW (#2012)
* Stare grafiki KPW

* Błędna nazwa pliku

* Arena 18

* Arena 19

* GZ'22

* Arena 20

* Arena 21

* Arena 22

* Zepsuty link

* GZ'23

* Arena 23

* Arena 24

* Arena 25

* A25 - Zbędne/brakujące linki w galerii

* GZ'24

* Arena 26

* Zera na początku dla właściwej kolejności

* Arena 27

* Arena 29 (kolejność tylko)

* Arena 16

* Arena 15

* GZ'19

+Link u Lesaka

* OldTown 4

* Oliwa w towarzystwie Bianki

https://www.facebook.com/kpwrestling/posts/pfbid02Pdogfve4tVWRXz8tYjRPLTrpsJoMc7c2qSCxybKAJWWfkPCxKufEpDjak25JTCVZl

* Porządki w OldTownach, teczka Kluczewa

* Arena 14

* Reszta Kordonu

* Arena 13

+Słówko w OldTown Weekend

* Słówko tu, enter tam

* Arena 12

* Arena 11

* Brakujące rozszerzenie

* GZ'18

* Pusta linia

* Nieaktualna informacja o CM

* OldTown 3

* Arena X

* Nadprogramowa linijka

* Arena 9

* Arena 8

+Luka w podpisie grafiki w Arenie X.

* Arena 8

* Literówki w nazwisku Fynna Freyharta

* GZ'17

* Typo

* OldTown 2

* Arena 7

+Brakujący podpis w GZ'17

* A14 link

* Arena 6

* Rozszerzenie

* Szlamfest

* Arena V

* Arena 4

* Zbędna linijka

* Arena 4 c.d.

* Nazwa pliku

* GZ'16

* Arena 3 (i trochę V)

* Arena 2

* Update 2016-04-30-kpw-arena-2.md

* Hung(a)ry for Kombat

* Health issues

* Pivotshare

---------

Co-authored-by: Krzysztof Zych <k33rni@gmail.com>

content/e/kpw/2016-06-11-kpw-arena-3.md, after:

+++
title = "KPW Arena 3"
template = "event_page.html"
authors = ["Krzysztof Zych", "M3n747"]
[taxonomies]
chronology = ["kpw", "arena"]
venue = ["gimnazjum-8-gdansk"]
[extra]
city = "Gdańsk"
toclevel = 2
[extra.gallery]
1 = { path = "2016-06-11-kpw-arena-3-plakat.jpg", caption = "Official poster, featuring [Damian Lambert](@/w/damien-rothschild.md), [Piękny Kawaler](@/w/piekny-kawaler.md), [Robert Star](@/w/robert-star.md) and [Kamil Aleksander](@/w/kamil-aleksander.md).", source = "kpwrestling.pl / Official KPW Facebook" }
+++

The third Arena show was held on Saturday, June 11, 2016, in the gymnastics hall of [Gimnazjum 8](@/v/gimnazjum-8-gdansk.md) in Gdańsk.

The event featured DDW character Kamil Leśny joining KPW, as a member of the [Kawaleria](@/tt/kawaleria.md) faction.

## Card

{% card() %}
- - '[Greg](@/w/greg.md)'
  - '[David Oliwa](@/w/david-oliwa.md)'
- - '[Gracjan Korpo](@/w/gracjan-korpo.md) w/ [Krzysztof Zasada](@/w/krzysztof-zasada.md)'
  - '[Peter Pannache](@/w/peter-pannache.md)'
  - r: 'DQ'
- - '[Boski Ostrowski](@/w/ostrowski.md) w/ [Mira](@/w/mira.md)'
  - '[Luxus](@/w/luxus.md)'
- - '[Kamil Aleksander](@/w/kamil-aleksander.md)'
  - '[Damian Lambert](@/w/damien-rothschild.md)'
- - '[Piękny Kawaler](@/w/piekny-kawaler.md)'
  - '[Robert Star](@/w/robert-star.md)'
  - c: '[KPW Championship](@/c/kpw-championship.md)'
    s: 'Contendership Match'
- credits:
    Ring announcer: '[Arkadiusz Pawłowski](@/w/pan-pawlowski.md)'
    Special Referee: '[Bianca](@/w/bianca.md)'
{% end %}

### Recap

- [Greg](@/w/greg.md) enters in a bad mood because his entrance music is missing. Dawid is distracted by [Luxus](@/w/luxus.md).
- During the second match, Lambert pops out from under the ring holding a chair. Zasada tries to stop him, only to get some chair in his face. Pannache cowers, ready for the chairshot but Korpo receives it instead, leading to a DQ. A second chair does land on Pannache while he was talking to the referee.
- [Greg](@/w/greg.md) intervenes and attacks [Mira](@/w/mira.md). She retaliates by slapping him, and Ostrowski lands a suicide dive on Greg. [Luxus](@/w/luxus.md) wants Greg to restrain his opponent, but Mira intervenes again with a low-blow. Luxus pins, but Greg distracts the ref who starts the count late.
- Kamil returns after a suspension, applies various locks and holds to his opponent. Lambert does a Three Amigos on Kamil, but loses to a Semper Invictus.
- Kawaler starts in the ring with his faction, and cuts a promo on Robert, promising the same result as [three years ago](@/e/ddw/2013-10-25-ddw-9.md). [Bianca](@/w/bianca.md) enters in a sexy referee outfit. Robert enters wearing facepaint inspired by [Paul Stanley][pawel-stanislaw] from the band KISS. Robert applies a Sharpshooter, but is distracted by a masked character at ringside. Superkicks him for good measure, but this allows Kawaler to recover and pin Robert. The masked character turns out to be Leśny.
- Bianca was clearly behind Robert Star throughout the match, slow-counting Kawaler's pins and fast-counting Robert's.

## References

* [Cagematch event page](https://www.cagematch.net/?id=1&nr=156336)
* [KPW's event page](https://kpwrestling.pl/events/kpw-arena-3/)
* [Facebook event page](https://www.facebook.com/events/499428670246486/)
* [Kombat TV episode 6](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O7XY40ay8os), including the full main event

[pawel-stanislaw]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paul_Stanley
