+++
title = "KPW Arena 7: Wysoka Stawka"
template = "event_page.html"
authors = ["Krzysztof Zych", "M3n747"]
aliases = ["/e/kpw/2017-06-10-kpw-arena-7-wysoka-stawka"]
[taxonomies]
chronology = ["kpw", "arena"]
venue=["atlantic"]
[extra]
city = "Gdynia"
toclevel = 2
[extra.gallery]
+++

Wysoka Stawka (_High Stakes_) was KPW's seventh Arena event, held in [Klub Atlantic](@/v/atlantic-nh-gdynia.md), a music venue in Gdynia. This event set up stories for the upcoming Godzina Zero show held two months later.

## Card

{% card() %}
- - '[Robert Star](@/w/robert-star.md)'
  - '[Victor Rosetti](@/w/rosetti.md)'
- - '[Gracjan Korpo](@/w/gracjan-korpo.md) w/ [Krzysztof Zasada](@/w/krzysztof-zasada.md)'
  - '[Mateusz Kowalski](@/w/mateusz-kakareko.md)'
- - '[Kawaleria](@/tt/kawaleria.md): [Kaszub](@/w/kaszub.md) & [Greg](@/w/greg.md)'
  - '[David Oliwa](@/w/david-oliwa.md) & [Peter Pannache](@/w/peter-pannache.md)'
  - s: Tag Team Match
- - '[Kamil Aleksander](@/w/kamil-aleksander.md)'
  - '[Adam Bravo](@/w/adam-bravo.md)'
- - '[Piękny Kawaler](@/w/piekny-kawaler.md)(c)'
  - '[Boski Ostrowski](@/w/ostrowski.md)'
  - c: '[KPW Championship](@/c/kpw-championship.md)'
- credits:
    Ring announcer: '[Arkadiusz Pawłowski](@/w/pan-pawlowski.md)'
    Referee: '[Krystian Malinowski](@/w/krystian-malinowski.md)'
{% end %}

### Recap

* Although [Bianca](@/w/bianca.md) was featured on the poster, she was abstent from the show itself.
* Fans annoy Gracjan by calling him Gracjan Porno. [Krzysztof Zasada](@/w/krzysztof-zasada.md) protects Kowalski and, annoyed with his boss, dropkicks him with his signature catphrase "W imię zasad!" (_In the name of principles!_).
* Ostrowski enters not only with [Mira](@/w/mira.md), but also with another, unnamed girl. She would later be revealed as [Alisa](@/w/alisa.md).
* After the event, Pawłowski announces a surprise and invites the faces to the ring. Pannache takes over the mic and explains that [David Oliwa](@/w/david-oliwa.md) celebrated his (28th) birthday just days before. A birthday cake is revealed, decorated with the KPW logo. Fans sing ["Sto lat"](@/a/polish-wrestling-chants.md#songs). Kawaler's music hits, [Greg](@/w/greg.md) walks in, and declares his disregard for the birthday, only to get the cake in his face to great crowd reaction.

## References

* [Cagematch event page](https://www.cagematch.net/r/?id=1&nr=175307)
* [KPW Kombat TV S2E6](https://youtu.be/A1SwySwa0Nc) recaps the tag team fight
* [The birthday segment](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vxFw81Ml6d0)
* [KPW's event page](https://kpwrestling.pl/events/kpw-arena-7/)
