content/e/kpw/2017-11-18-kpw-arena-8.md, before:

+++
title = "KPW Arena 8: Droga Bez Powrotu"
template = "event_page.html"
authors = ["Krzysztof Zych", "M3n747"]
aliases = ["/e/kpw/2017-11-18-kpw-arena-8-droga-bez-powrotu"]
[taxonomies]
chronology = ["kpw", "arena"]
venue=["gdynskie-centrum-sportu"]
[extra]
city = "Gdynia"
toclevel = 2
[extra.gallery]
1 = { path = "2017-11-18-kpw-arena-8-droga-bez-powrotu-plakat.jpg", caption = "Official poster. Shown are: [Peter Pannache](@/w/peter-pannache.md), [Robert Star](@/w/robert-star.md), [Piękny Kawaler](@/w/piekny-kawaler.md), [Greg](@/w/greg.md), [Kamil Aleksander](@/w/kamil-aleksander.md) and [Bianca](@/w/bianca.md).", source = "kpwrestling.pl / Official KPW Facebook" }
+++

Droga Bez Powrotu (_The Road of No Return_) was the eight Arena show, and the first one (although second after Godzina Zero 2017) to be held at the Gdynia Sport Center.

## Card

{% card() %}
- - '[Kaszub](@/w/kaszub.md)'
  - '[Boski Ostrowski](@/w/ostrowski.md)'
  - '[Peter Pannache](@/w/peter-pannache.md)'
  - '[Gracjan Korpo](@/w/gracjan-korpo.md)'
  - c: '[KPW OldTown Championship](@/c/kpw-old-town-championship.md)'
- - '[David Oliwa](@/w/david-oliwa.md)'
  - '[Kamil Aleksander](@/w/kamil-aleksander.md)'
- - '[Rosetti](@/w/rosetti.md) & [Sawicki](@/w/sawicki.md)'
  - '[Mateusz Kowalski](@/w/mateusz-kakareko.md) & [Adam Bravo](@/w/adam-bravo.md)'
  - s: Tag Team Match
- - '[Robert Star](@/w/robert-star.md)'
  - '[Greg](@/w/greg.md)(c)'
  - c: '[KPW OldTown Championship](@/c/kpw-old-town-championship.md)'
    s: '[KPW Championship](@/c/kpw-championship.md) #1 Contender Match for Robert Star'
    r: DQ
- credits:
    Ring announcer: '[Arkadiusz Pawłowski](@/w/pan-pawlowski.md)'
    Referee: '[Krystian Malinowski](@/w/krystian-malinowski.md)'
{% end %}

Attendance: about 210

### Recap

* In the main event, while Robert signals for his finisher, [Greg](@/w/greg.md) pulls and slaps the ref to force a DQ, denying Robert the championship belt. However, he still wins his #1 Contender title shot.

## References

* [Cagematch event page](https://www.cagematch.net/?id=1&nr=188299)
* [Video: the finish of the show](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z7Gcq1-owlA)
* [KPW's event page](https://kpwrestling.pl/events/kpw-arena-8/)
* [Facebook event page](https://www.facebook.com/events/156002404995943/)

Commit message:

Stare grafiki KPW (#2012)
* Stare grafiki KPW

* Błędna nazwa pliku

* Arena 18

* Arena 19

* GZ'22

* Arena 20

* Arena 21

* Arena 22

* Zepsuty link

* GZ'23

* Arena 23

* Arena 24

* Arena 25

* A25 - Zbędne/brakujące linki w galerii

* GZ'24

* Arena 26

* Zera na początku dla właściwej kolejności

* Arena 27

* Arena 29 (kolejność tylko)

* Arena 16

* Arena 15

* GZ'19

+Link u Lesaka

* OldTown 4

* Oliwa w towarzystwie Bianki

https://www.facebook.com/kpwrestling/posts/pfbid02Pdogfve4tVWRXz8tYjRPLTrpsJoMc7c2qSCxybKAJWWfkPCxKufEpDjak25JTCVZl

* Porządki w OldTownach, teczka Kluczewa

* Arena 14

* Reszta Kordonu

* Arena 13

+Słówko w OldTown Weekend

* Słówko tu, enter tam

* Arena 12

* Arena 11

* Brakujące rozszerzenie

* GZ'18

* Pusta linia

* Nieaktualna informacja o CM

* OldTown 3

* Arena X

* Nadprogramowa linijka

* Arena 9

* Arena 8

+Luka w podpisie grafiki w Arenie X.

* Arena 8

* Literówki w nazwisku Fynna Freyharta

* GZ'17

* Typo

* OldTown 2

* Arena 7

+Brakujący podpis w GZ'17

* A14 link

* Arena 6

* Rozszerzenie

* Szlamfest

* Arena V

* Arena 4

* Zbędna linijka

* Arena 4 c.d.

* Nazwa pliku

* GZ'16

* Arena 3 (i trochę V)

* Arena 2

* Update 2016-04-30-kpw-arena-2.md

* Hung(a)ry for Kombat

* Health issues

* Pivotshare

---------

Co-authored-by: Krzysztof Zych <k33rni@gmail.com>

content/e/kpw/2017-11-18-kpw-arena-8.md, after:

+++
title = "KPW Arena 8: Droga Bez Powrotu"
template = "event_page.html"
authors = ["Krzysztof Zych", "M3n747"]
aliases = ["/e/kpw/2017-11-18-kpw-arena-8-droga-bez-powrotu"]
[taxonomies]
chronology = ["kpw", "arena"]
venue=["gdynskie-centrum-sportu"]
[extra]
city = "Gdynia"
toclevel = 2
[extra.gallery]
+++

Droga Bez Powrotu (_The Road of No Return_) was the eight Arena show, and the first one (although second after [Godzina Zero 2017](@/e/kpw/2017-08-12-kpw-godzina-zero-2017.md) to be held at the [Gdynia Sports Center](@/v/gdynskie-centrum-sportu.md).

[Bianca](@/w/bianca.md) was set to face [Piękny Kawaler](@/w/piekny-kawaler.md) in KPW's first Intergender Match, however the fight had to be cancelled due to Bianca's health issues.

## Card

{% card() %}
- - '[Kaszub](@/w/kaszub.md)'
  - '[Boski Ostrowski](@/w/ostrowski.md)'
  - '[Peter Pannache](@/w/peter-pannache.md)'
  - '[Gracjan Korpo](@/w/gracjan-korpo.md)'
  - c: '[KPW OldTown Championship](@/c/kpw-old-town-championship.md)'
- - '[Piękny Kawaler](@/w/piekny-kawaler.md)'
  - g: true
- - '[David Oliwa](@/w/david-oliwa.md)'
  - '[Kamil Aleksander](@/w/kamil-aleksander.md)'
- - '[Rosetti](@/w/rosetti.md) & [Sawicki](@/w/sawicki.md)'
  - '[Mateusz Kowalski](@/w/mateusz-kakareko.md) & [Adam Bravo](@/w/adam-bravo.md)'
  - s: Tag Team Match
- - '[Robert Star](@/w/robert-star.md)'
  - '[Greg](@/w/greg.md)(c)'
  - c: '[KPW OldTown Championship](@/c/kpw-old-town-championship.md)'
    s: '[KPW Championship](@/c/kpw-championship.md) #1 Contender Match for Robert Star'
    r: DQ
- credits:
    Ring announcer: '[Arkadiusz Pawłowski](@/w/pan-pawlowski.md)'
    Referee: '[Krystian Malinowski](@/w/krystian-malinowski.md)'
{% end %}

Attendance: about 210

### Recap

* In the main event, while Robert signalled for his finisher, [Greg](@/w/greg.md) pulled and slapped the ref to force a DQ, denying Robert the championship belt. However, he still won his #1 Contender title shot.

## References

* [Cagematch event page](https://www.cagematch.net/?id=1&nr=188299)
* [Video: the finish of the show](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z7Gcq1-owlA)
* [KPW's event page](https://kpwrestling.pl/events/kpw-arena-8/)
* [Facebook event page](https://www.facebook.com/events/156002404995943/)
