+++
title = "KPW Arena 9: Na Krawędzi"
template = "event_page.html"
authors = ["Krzysztof Zych", "M3n747"]
aliases = ["/e/kpw/2018-03-10-kpw-arena-9-na-krawedzi"]
[taxonomies]
chronology = ["kpw", "arena", "stocznia-gdanska"]
venue = ["b90"]
[extra]
city = "Gdańsk"
toclevel = 2
[extra.gallery]
1 = { path = "2018-03-10-kpw-arena-9-na-krawedzi-plakat.jpg", caption = "Official poster", source = "kpwrestling.pl / Official KPW Facebook" }
+++

Na Krawędzi (_On The Edge_) was held as part of the second SzlamFest in the {{ map_pin(v="B90") }}B90 Club located in [Gdańsk Shipyard](@/v/stocznia-gdanska.md). In terms of KPW history, it was a regular Arena show, continuing the storylines from Arena 8. The main event was probably the most bloody hardcore match ever held by KPW.

This show was also the debut of the future [Chemik](@/w/chemik.md) - who appeared as a personal butler to Kawaler. Before the women's match, the Kawaleria faction installed themselves at comfy ringside seats and remained there for the rest of the evening, while the butler kept pouring vodka for them and some lucky members of the audience.

## Card

{% card() %}
- - '[Boski Ostrowski](@/w/ostrowski.md) & [Peter Pannache](@/w/peter-pannache.md)'
  - '[Mateusz Kowalski](@/w/mateusz-kakareko.md) & [Adam Bravo](@/w/adam-bravo.md)'
  - '[Rosetti](@/w/rosetti.md)'
  - s: 2v2v1 Handicap Match
- - '[Bianca](@/w/bianca.md)'
  - '[Alisa](@/w/alisa.md)'
- - '[Ron Corvus](@/w/ron-corvus.md)'
  - '[Gracjan Korpo](@/w/gracjan-korpo.md)'
- - '[Robert Star](@/w/robert-star.md)'
  - '[Kamil Aleksander](@/w/kamil-aleksander.md)'
  - s: '[KPW Championship](@/c/kpw-championship.md) #1 Contender Match'
- - '[Greg](@/w/greg.md)'
  - '[Kaszub](@/w/kaszub.md)'
  - c: '[KPW OldTown Championship](@/c/kpw-old-town-championship.md)'
- - '[Greg](@/w/greg.md)'
  - '[David Oliwa](@/w/david-oliwa.md)'
  - c: '[KPW OldTown Championship](@/c/kpw-old-town-championship.md)'
    s: Hardcore Match
- credits:
    Ring announcer: '[Arkadiusz Pawłowski](@/w/pan-pawlowski.md)'
{% end %}

Attendance: estimated 400

### Recap

* The first match was slated to have three tag teams face each other. [Rosetti](@/w/rosetti.md)'s partner
  [Sawicki](@/w/sawicki.md) was unable to compete, so the cocky heel entered the fight solo, but with
  [Kaszub](@/w/kaszub.md) and [Alisa](@/w/alisa.md) at ringside. Lots of aerial action.
* Before the women's match, Kawaler cut his usual promo deriding the audience. [Alisa](@/w/alisa.md) gave
  [Bianca](@/w/bianca.md) a tough fight.
* Korpo faced Corvus in a rematch from Godzina Zero 2016. In his promo, he ridiculed Corvus for growing a beer belly instead of preparing for their fight.
* [Greg](@/w/greg.md) and [Kaszub](@/w/kaszub.md) initially jumped at each other's throats, but once the gong hit, they reenacted the Fingerpoke of Doom match. Kawaleria entered the ring to celebrate.
* Pawłowski announced the result, then disappeared backstage. Shortly thereafter, he reappeared and announced a new opponent for [Greg](@/w/greg.md).
* Oliwa and Greg fought with light tubes, chairs, ladders, Lego bricks and a keyboard. Plenty of blood from both. [Ron Corvus](@/w/ron-corvus.md) intervened to remind Greg he's coming for his championship.
* Once the bell rang, Kawaleria attacked the bleeding Dawid, which included putting a ball gag on him. The faces, who now form a faction called Sojusz (_The Alliance_), intervene. Kawaler and Greg tried to attack [Mira](@/w/mira.md) with a taser, but were stopped by [Robert Star](@/w/robert-star.md).
* This would be Kaszub's last appearance for KPW.

## References

* [Cagematch event page](https://www.cagematch.net/?id=1&nr=188307)
* [Highlights video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SnHPCkTeOdg)
* [After the hardcore match](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CmCESeZpn_w)
* [KPW's event page](https://kpwrestling.pl/events/kpw-arena-9/)
