+++
title = "KPW Arena 11: Podwójne Zagrożenie"
template = "event_page.html"
authors = ["Krzysztof Zych", "M3n747"]
aliases = ["/e/kpw/2018-11-03-kpw-arena-11-podwojne-zagrozenie"]
[taxonomies]
chronology = ["kpw", "arena"]
venue=["gdynskie-centrum-sportu"]
[extra]
city = "Gdynia"
toclevel = 2
[extra.gallery]
+++

Podwójne Zagrożenie (_Double Threat_) was an event by [KPW](@/o/kpw.md), held in the Gdynia Sports Center. The entire event was a tournament to crown the inaugural KPW Tag Team Champions.

## Build-up

* One of the original teams was to be [Gracjan Korpo](@/w/gracjan-korpo.md) and [Moloch](@/w/moloch.md). However, the day before the event, Gracjan posted a video on the event's page, stating he's not going to appear, and prefers going after the main title, held by [Ron Corvus](@/w/ron-corvus.md) at the time. Moloch would enter the tournament alone.
* [Robert Star](@/w/robert-star.md) is still forced to wrestle for Kawaleria, a position he was more and more uncomfortable in.

## Card

{% card() %}
- - '[Rosetti](@/w/rosetti.md) & [Sawicki](@/w/sawicki.md)'
  - '[Kamil Aleksander](@/w/kamil-aleksander.md) & [Peter Pannache](@/w/peter-pannache.md)'
  - s: Tournament First Round Tag Team Match
- - 'Boska Oliwa: [Boski Ostrowski](@/w/ostrowski.md) & [David Oliwa](@/w/david-oliwa.md) w/ [Mira](@/w/mira.md)'
  - '[Chemik](@/w/chemik.md) & [Greg](@/w/greg.md)'
  - s: Tournament First Round Tag Team Match
- - '[Piękny Kawaler](@/w/piekny-kawaler.md) & [Robert Star](@/w/robert-star.md)'
  - '[Moloch](@/w/moloch.md)'
  - s: Tournament First Round Two On One Handicap Match
- - 'British Bouncer Club: [Dom Taylor](@/w/dom-taylor.md) & [Lee Rogers](@/w/lee-rogers.md)'
  - '[Adam Bravo](@/w/adam-bravo.md) & [Mateusz Kakareko](@/w/mateusz-kakareko.md)'
  - s: Tournament First Round Tag Team Match
- - 'Boska Oliwa: [Boski Ostrowski](@/w/ostrowski.md) & [David Oliwa](@/w/david-oliwa.md) w/ [Mira](@/w/mira.md)'
  - 'British Bouncer Club: [Dom Taylor](@/w/dom-taylor.md) & [Lee Rogers](@/w/lee-rogers.md)'
  - s: Tournament Semi Final Tag Team Match
- - '[Rosetti](@/w/rosetti.md) & [Sawicki](@/w/sawicki.md)'
  - '[Piękny Kawaler](@/w/piekny-kawaler.md) & [Robert Star](@/w/robert-star.md)'
  - s: Tournament Semi Final Tag Team Match
    r: DQ
- - '[Rosetti](@/w/rosetti.md) & [Sawicki](@/w/sawicki.md)'
  - 'Boska Oliwa: [David Oliwa](@/w/david-oliwa.md) & [Boski Ostrowski](@/w/ostrowski.md)'
  - c: '[KPW Tag Team Championship](@/c/kpw-tag-team-championship.md)'
    s: 'Tournament Final Tag Team Match'
- credits:
    Referee: 'Dariusz Łępicki'
    Ring announcer: '[Arkadiusz Pawłowski](@/w/pan-pawlowski.md)'
{% end %}

### Recap

* [Rosetti](@/w/rosetti.md) and [Sawicki](@/w/sawicki.md) used their tried and true strategy of attacking one of their opponents before the bell for a quick win.
* [Greg](@/w/greg.md) introduced [Chemik](@/w/chemik.md), previously in the role of Kawaleria's butler, as their newest member. After losing the bout, Chemik briefly considers leaving the faction, and is beaten by his tag team partner as punishment for losing.
* [Moloch](@/w/moloch.md) lost his focus after Kawaler attacked his two valets. The winners stayed at ringside to celebrate with booze.
* The British pair pressured Pawłowski to announce them in English. After the break, they would immediately fight again in the semi finals.
* Taylor and Rogers had to resort to heel tactics against their opponents, who however still won with their speed and coordination. Despite that, the Brits received applause, having won the support of fans.
* The second semifinal between two of Kawaleria's tag teams did not even start - Kawaler got disqualified for being under the influence. [Sawicki](@/w/sawicki.md) and [Rosetti](@/w/rosetti.md) receive a pass into the final, and Kawaleria punishes the referee.
* Just before the end, [Peter Pannache](@/w/peter-pannache.md) appeared with his contract that he won in the Magnificent Seven match last time, and announced that he wants to challenge KPW Champion [Ron Corvus](@/w/ron-corvus.md) on the next event.

## References

* [Cagematch event page](https://www.cagematch.net/r/?id=1&nr=215484)
* [Highlights video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JA-12gIh7Uw)
* [Recap on mywrestling](https://mywrestling.com.pl/kpw-arena-11-podwojne-zagrozenie-relacja/)
* [KPW's event page](https://kpwrestling.pl/events/kpw-arena-11/)
