+++
title = "KPW Arena 15: Świeża Krew"
template = "event_page.html"
authors = ["Krzysztof Zych", "M3n747"]
aliases = ["/e/kpw/2019-11-16-kpw-arena-15-swieza-krew"]
[taxonomies]
chronology = ["kpw", "arena"]
venue=["gdynskie-centrum-sportu"]
[extra]
city = "Gdynia"
toclevel = 2
[extra.gallery]
+++

Świeża Krew (_Fresh Blood_) was the 15th Arena show by [KPW](@/o/kpw.md), held at Gdynia Sports Center on November 16, 2019. The event's name refers to new wrestlers debuting in their solo fights: [Daniel Boza](@/w/mutant.md) and [Eryk Lesak](@/w/eryk-lesak.md) (although the two appeared in the Magnificent Seven ladder match at the [previous show](@/e/kpw/2019-08-17-kpw-godzina-zero-2019.md)).

The full show was available on Pivotshare VOD for free, but the service has since closed down.

## Build-up

* Originally, [Chemik](@/w/chemik.md) was to face [Moloch](@/w/moloch.md). However, on the day of the event, KPW posted on Facebook that Moloch was injured and couldn't appear. Chemik's new opponent would be revealed during the event.
* [Piękny Kawaler](@/w/piekny-kawaler.md) lost his career at the previous show, [Godzina Zero 2019](@/e/kpw/2019-08-17-kpw-godzina-zero-2019.md), to [Robert Star](@/w/robert-star.md). He would no longer wrestle for KPW, remaining active as the head trainer and owner of the organization. In August, after Godzina Zero, he left for Romania as a trainer and appeared in two matches there.
* Previously, [Greg](@/w/greg.md) took on a new persona of the self-proclaimed Pope of Polish Wrestling, Pijus I Greg. [Chemik](@/w/chemik.md) now also ditched his butler persona, and appears dressed like an altar boy.
* Now fully turned heel, with new gear and entrance music, [Boski 2.0](@/w/ostrowski.md) has a score to settle with [David Oliwa](@/w/david-oliwa.md).
* Tag Team Champions [Sawicki](@/w/sawicki.md) and [Rosetti](@/w/rosetti.md) began to lose trust in each other. Initially Rosetti was slated to face [Fynn Freyhart](@/w/fynn-freyhart.md), but when [Krystian Malinowski](@/w/krystian-malinowski.md) [found out][adepci-klamstwa-i-wideo] that the Champion had lied to him about Sawicki's supposed injury, he removed Rosetti from the match and replaced him with his tag team partner.

## Card

{% card() %}
- - '[Dom Taylor](@/w/dom-taylor.md)'
  - '[Eryk Lesak](@/w/eryk-lesak.md)'
- - '[Daniel Boza](@/w/mutant.md)'
  - '[Chemik](@/w/chemik.md)'
- - '[Fynn Freyhart](@/w/fynn-freyhart.md)'
  - '[Sawicki](@/w/sawicki.md)'
- - '[David Oliwa](@/w/david-oliwa.md)(c)'
  - '[Boski 2.0](@/w/ostrowski.md)'
  - '[Greg](@/w/greg.md)'
  - c: '[KPW OldTown Championship](@/c/kpw-old-town-championship.md)'
    s: Three-Way Match
- - '[Robert Star](@/w/robert-star.md)(c)'
  - Reinbakh
  - c: '[KPW Championship](@/c/kpw-championship.md)'
- credits:
    Commentary: Marek Łojek, Mateusz Mazurowski
    Ring announcer: '[Kinga Różańska](@/w/kinga-miotke.md)'
{% end %}

## References

* [Cagematch event page](https://www.cagematch.net/?id=1&nr=247706)
* [Highlights video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cpIp2EJHK2I)
* [Facebook event page](https://www.facebook.com/events/503462513806599/)

[adepci-klamstwa-i-wideo]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5KB7Uf_1llM
