content/e/kpw/2019-01-19-kpw-arena-12.md, before:

+++
title = "KPW Arena 12: Gwiazda Północy"
template = "event_page.html"
authors = ["Krzysztof Zych", "M3n747"]
aliases = ["/e/kpw/2019-01-19-kpw-arena-12-gwiazda-polnocy"]
[taxonomies]
chronology = ["kpw", "arena"]
venue=["gdynskie-centrum-sportu"]
[extra]
city = "Gdynia"
toclevel = 2
[extra.gallery]
1 = { path = "2019-01-19-kpw-arena-12-gwiazda-polnocy-plakat.jpg", caption = "Official poster, showing [Peter Pannache](@/w/peter-pannache.md) and [Ron Corvus](@/w/ron-corvus.md).", source = "kpwrestling.pl / Official KPW Facebook" }
+++

Gwiazda Północy (_The Northern Star_) was the twelfth Arena event by KPW, held in Gdynia Sports Center. The event's foreign guest was Japanese female wrestler Yuu, at that time mostly appearing in Tokyo Joshi Pro Wrestling and Dramatic Dream Team. According to Cagematch, this was Yuu's sixth match in Europe overall.

The event was almost cancelled due to unrelated but tragic circumstances in the nearby city of Gdańsk. During the 27th Great Orchestra of Christmas Charity finale in Gdańsk, sitting mayor Paweł Adamowicz was [fatally stabbed][adamowicz-stab-wiki] on stage. This occured merely six days before the event. Poland's President Andrzej Duda declared that the day of Adamowicz's funeral would be a national day of mourning to commemmorate the loss. During such days, public events like concerts or football matches are usually cancelled or postponed. However, the period of mourning ended officially at 19:00 on January 19, just an hour before the KPW show was scheduled.

## Build-up

* Two fights on the card would determine #1 Contender spots for the KPW OldTown Championship.
* Ostrowski lost trust in his friend [David Oliwa](@/w/david-oliwa.md) after losing in the tag team tournament. Oliwa wanted to mend fences.
* KPW was in the process of choosing a new Chairman. Three candidates would apply: [Krzysztof Zasada](@/w/krzysztof-zasada.md), [Piękny Kawaler](@/w/piekny-kawaler.md), and referee Krystian Malinowski.

## Card

{% card() %}
- ['[Gracjan Korpo](@/w/gracjan-korpo.md)', '[Kamil Aleksander](@/w/kamil-aleksander.md)',
  {s: "[KPW OldTown Championship](@/c/kpw-old-town-championship.md) #1 Contendership Qualifier"}]
- ['[Moloch](@/w/moloch.md)', '[Mateusz Kakareko](@/w/mateusz-kakareko.md)']
- ['[David Oliwa](@/w/david-oliwa.md)', '[Boski Ostrowski](@/w/ostrowski.md)',
  {s: "[KPW OldTown Championship](@/c/kpw-old-town-championship.md) #1 Contendership Qualifier"}]
- ['[Alisa](@/w/alisa.md)', '[Bianca](@/w/bianca.md)', Yuu, {s: Three Way Match}]
- ['[Ron Corvus](@/w/ron-corvus.md)(c)', '[Peter Pannache](@/w/peter-pannache.md)',
  {c: "[KPW Championship](@/c/kpw-championship.md)"}]
- credits:
    Ring announcer: '[Arkadiusz Pawłowski](@/w/pan-pawlowski.md)'
{% end %}

### Recap

* After the women's match, a debate was held between the candidates for KPW's vacant Chairman post. This ended in Kawaler attacking Krystian Malinowski.

## References

* [Cagematch event page](https://www.cagematch.net/?id=1&nr=224366)
* [Facebook event page](https://www.facebook.com/events/188141545355589/)
* [KPW's event page](https://kpwrestling.pl/events/kpw-arena-12/)

[adamowicz-stab-wiki]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Assassination_of_Pawe%C5%82_Adamowicz

Commit message:

Stare grafiki KPW (#2012)
* Stare grafiki KPW

* Błędna nazwa pliku

* Arena 18

* Arena 19

* GZ'22

* Arena 20

* Arena 21

* Arena 22

* Zepsuty link

* GZ'23

* Arena 23

* Arena 24

* Arena 25

* A25 - Zbędne/brakujące linki w galerii

* GZ'24

* Arena 26

* Zera na początku dla właściwej kolejności

* Arena 27

* Arena 29 (kolejność tylko)

* Arena 16

* Arena 15

* GZ'19

+Link u Lesaka

* OldTown 4

* Oliwa w towarzystwie Bianki

https://www.facebook.com/kpwrestling/posts/pfbid02Pdogfve4tVWRXz8tYjRPLTrpsJoMc7c2qSCxybKAJWWfkPCxKufEpDjak25JTCVZl

* Porządki w OldTownach, teczka Kluczewa

* Arena 14

* Reszta Kordonu

* Arena 13

+Słówko w OldTown Weekend

* Słówko tu, enter tam

* Arena 12

* Arena 11

* Brakujące rozszerzenie

* GZ'18

* Pusta linia

* Nieaktualna informacja o CM

* OldTown 3

* Arena X

* Nadprogramowa linijka

* Arena 9

* Arena 8

+Luka w podpisie grafiki w Arenie X.

* Arena 8

* Literówki w nazwisku Fynna Freyharta

* GZ'17

* Typo

* OldTown 2

* Arena 7

+Brakujący podpis w GZ'17

* A14 link

* Arena 6

* Rozszerzenie

* Szlamfest

* Arena V

* Arena 4

* Zbędna linijka

* Arena 4 c.d.

* Nazwa pliku

* GZ'16

* Arena 3 (i trochę V)

* Arena 2

* Update 2016-04-30-kpw-arena-2.md

* Hung(a)ry for Kombat

* Health issues

* Pivotshare

---------

Co-authored-by: Krzysztof Zych <k33rni@gmail.com>

content/e/kpw/2019-01-19-kpw-arena-12.md, after:

+++
title = "KPW Arena 12: Gwiazda Północy"
template = "event_page.html"
authors = ["Krzysztof Zych", "M3n747"]
aliases = ["/e/kpw/2019-01-19-kpw-arena-12-gwiazda-polnocy"]
[taxonomies]
chronology = ["kpw", "arena"]
venue=["gdynskie-centrum-sportu"]
[extra]
city = "Gdynia"
toclevel = 2
[extra.gallery]
+++

Gwiazda Północy (_The Northern Star_, or _The Star of the North_) was the twelfth Arena event by KPW, held in [Gdynia Sports Center](@/v/gdynskie-centrum-sportu.md). The event's foreign guest was Japanese female wrestler Yuu, at that time mostly appearing in Tokyo Joshi Pro Wrestling and Dramatic Dream Team. According to Cagematch, this was Yuu's sixth match in Europe overall.

The event was almost cancelled due to unrelated but tragic circumstances in the nearby city of Gdańsk. During the 27th Great Orchestra of Christmas Charity finale in Gdańsk, sitting mayor Paweł Adamowicz was [fatally stabbed][adamowicz-stab-wiki] on stage. This occured merely six days before the event. Poland's President Andrzej Duda declared that the day of Adamowicz's funeral would be a national day of mourning to commemmorate the loss. During such days, public events like concerts or football matches are usually cancelled or postponed. However, the period of mourning ended officially at 19:00 on January 19, just an hour before the KPW show was scheduled.

## Build-up

* Two fights on the card would determine #1 Contender spots for the KPW OldTown Championship.
* Ostrowski lost trust in his friend [David Oliwa](@/w/david-oliwa.md) after losing in the tag team tournament. Oliwa wanted to mend fences.
* KPW was in the process of choosing a new Chairman. Three candidates would apply: [Krzysztof Zasada](@/w/krzysztof-zasada.md), [Piękny Kawaler](@/w/piekny-kawaler.md), and referee Krystian Malinowski.

## Card

{% card() %}
- - '[Gracjan Korpo](@/w/gracjan-korpo.md)'
  - '[Kamil Aleksander](@/w/kamil-aleksander.md)'
  - s: '[KPW OldTown Championship](@/c/kpw-old-town-championship.md) #1 Contendership Qualifier'
- - '[Moloch](@/w/moloch.md)'
  - '[Mateusz Kakareko](@/w/mateusz-kakareko.md)'
- - '[David Oliwa](@/w/david-oliwa.md)'
  - '[Boski Ostrowski](@/w/ostrowski.md)'
  - s: '[KPW OldTown Championship](@/c/kpw-old-town-championship.md) #1 Contendership Qualifier'
- - '[Alisa](@/w/alisa.md)'
  - '[Bianca](@/w/bianca.md)'
  - Yuu
  - s: Three Way Match
- - '[Ron Corvus](@/w/ron-corvus.md)(c)'
  - '[Peter Pannache](@/w/peter-pannache.md)'
  - c: '[KPW Championship](@/c/kpw-championship.md)'
- credits:
    Ring announcer: '[Arkadiusz Pawłowski](@/w/pan-pawlowski.md)'
{% end %}

### Recap

* After the women's match, a debate was held between the candidates for KPW's vacant Chairman post. It ended in Kawaler attacking Krystian Malinowski.

## References

* [Cagematch event page](https://www.cagematch.net/?id=1&nr=224366)
* [Facebook event page](https://www.facebook.com/events/188141545355589/)
* [KPW's event page](https://kpwrestling.pl/events/kpw-arena-12/)

[adamowicz-stab-wiki]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Assassination_of_Pawe%C5%82_Adamowicz
