content/e/kpw/2019-11-16-kpw-arena-15.md, before:

+++
title = "KPW Arena 15: Świeża Krew"
template = "event_page.html"
authors = ["Krzysztof Zych", "M3n747"]
aliases = ["/e/kpw/2019-11-16-kpw-arena-15-swieza-krew"]
[taxonomies]
chronology = ["kpw", "arena"]
venue=["gdynskie-centrum-sportu"]
[extra]
city = "Gdynia"
toclevel = 2
[extra.gallery]
1 = { path = "2019-11-16-kpw-arena-15-swieza-krew-plakat.jpg", caption = "Official poster, showing Reinbakh.", source = "kpwrestling.pl / Official KPW Facebook" }
+++

Świeża Krew (_Fresh Blood_) was the 15th Arena show by [KPW](@/o/kpw.md), held at Gdynia Sports Center on November 16, 2019. The event's name refers to new wrestlers debuting in their solo fights: Daniel Boza and [Eryk Lesak](@/w/eryk-lesak.md) (although the two appeared in the Magnificent Seven ladder match before).

## Build-up

* Originally, [Chemik](@/w/chemik.md) was to face [Moloch](@/w/moloch.md). However, on the day of the event, KPW posted on Facebook that Moloch was injured and couldn't appear. Chemik's new opponent would be revealed during the event.
* [Piękny Kawaler](@/w/piekny-kawaler.md) lost his career at the previous Godzina Zero event to [Robert Star](@/w/robert-star.md). He would no longer wrestle for KPW, remaining active as head trainer and owner of the organization. In August, after Godzina Zero, he left for Romania as a trainer and appear in two matches there.
* Previously, [Greg](@/w/greg.md) took on a new persona of self-proclaimed Pope of Polish Wrestling, Pijus I Greg. [Chemik](@/w/chemik.md) now also ditched his butler persona, and appears dressed like an altar boy.
* Now fully turned heel, with new gear and entrance music, [Boski 2.0](@/w/ostrowski.md) has a score to settle with [David Oliwa](@/w/david-oliwa.md).
* Tag Team Champions [Sawicki](@/w/sawicki.md) and [Rosetti](@/w/rosetti.md) began to lose trust in each other.

## Card

{% card() %}
- ['[Dom Taylor](@/w/dom-taylor.md)', '[Eryk Lesak](@/w/eryk-lesak.md)']
- ['[Daniel Boza](@/w/mutant.md)', '[Chemik](@/w/chemik.md)']
- ['[Fynn Freyhart](@/w/fynn-freyhart.md)', '[Sawicki](@/w/sawicki.md)']
- - '[David Oliwa](@/w/david-oliwa.md)(c)'
  - '[Boski 2.0](@/w/ostrowski.md)'
  - '[Greg](@/w/greg.md)'
  - {c: '[KPW OldTown Championship](@/c/kpw-old-town-championship.md)', s: Three Way Match}
- ['[Robert Star](@/w/robert-star.md)(c)', Reinbakh, {c: '[KPW Championship](@/c/kpw-championship.md)'}]
- credits:
    Commentary: Marek Łojek, Mateusz Mazurowski
    Ring announcer: '[Kinga Różańska](@/w/kinga-miotke.md)'
{% end %}

## References

* [Cagematch event page](https://www.cagematch.net/?id=1&nr=247706)
* [Highlights video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cpIp2EJHK2I)
* [Facebook event page](https://www.facebook.com/events/503462513806599/)

Commit message:

Stare grafiki KPW (#2012)
* Stare grafiki KPW

* Błędna nazwa pliku

* Arena 18

* Arena 19

* GZ'22

* Arena 20

* Arena 21

* Arena 22

* Zepsuty link

* GZ'23

* Arena 23

* Arena 24

* Arena 25

* A25 - Zbędne/brakujące linki w galerii

* GZ'24

* Arena 26

* Zera na początku dla właściwej kolejności

* Arena 27

* Arena 29 (kolejność tylko)

* Arena 16

* Arena 15

* GZ'19

+Link u Lesaka

* OldTown 4

* Oliwa w towarzystwie Bianki

https://www.facebook.com/kpwrestling/posts/pfbid02Pdogfve4tVWRXz8tYjRPLTrpsJoMc7c2qSCxybKAJWWfkPCxKufEpDjak25JTCVZl

* Porządki w OldTownach, teczka Kluczewa

* Arena 14

* Reszta Kordonu

* Arena 13

+Słówko w OldTown Weekend

* Słówko tu, enter tam

* Arena 12

* Arena 11

* Brakujące rozszerzenie

* GZ'18

* Pusta linia

* Nieaktualna informacja o CM

* OldTown 3

* Arena X

* Nadprogramowa linijka

* Arena 9

* Arena 8

+Luka w podpisie grafiki w Arenie X.

* Arena 8

* Literówki w nazwisku Fynna Freyharta

* GZ'17

* Typo

* OldTown 2

* Arena 7

+Brakujący podpis w GZ'17

* A14 link

* Arena 6

* Rozszerzenie

* Szlamfest

* Arena V

* Arena 4

* Zbędna linijka

* Arena 4 c.d.

* Nazwa pliku

* GZ'16

* Arena 3 (i trochę V)

* Arena 2

* Update 2016-04-30-kpw-arena-2.md

* Hung(a)ry for Kombat

* Health issues

* Pivotshare

---------

Co-authored-by: Krzysztof Zych <k33rni@gmail.com>

content/e/kpw/2019-11-16-kpw-arena-15.md, after:

+++
title = "KPW Arena 15: Świeża Krew"
template = "event_page.html"
authors = ["Krzysztof Zych", "M3n747"]
aliases = ["/e/kpw/2019-11-16-kpw-arena-15-swieza-krew"]
[taxonomies]
chronology = ["kpw", "arena"]
venue=["gdynskie-centrum-sportu"]
[extra]
city = "Gdynia"
toclevel = 2
[extra.gallery]
+++

Świeża Krew (_Fresh Blood_) was the 15th Arena show by [KPW](@/o/kpw.md), held at Gdynia Sports Center on November 16, 2019. The event's name refers to new wrestlers debuting in their solo fights: [Daniel Boza](@/w/mutant.md) and [Eryk Lesak](@/w/eryk-lesak.md) (although the two appeared in the Magnificent Seven ladder match at the [previous show](@/e/kpw/2019-08-17-kpw-godzina-zero-2019.md)).

The full show was available on Pivotshare VOD for free, but the service has since closed down.

## Build-up

* Originally, [Chemik](@/w/chemik.md) was to face [Moloch](@/w/moloch.md). However, on the day of the event, KPW posted on Facebook that Moloch was injured and couldn't appear. Chemik's new opponent would be revealed during the event.
* [Piękny Kawaler](@/w/piekny-kawaler.md) lost his career at the previous show, [Godzina Zero 2019](@/e/kpw/2019-08-17-kpw-godzina-zero-2019.md), to [Robert Star](@/w/robert-star.md). He would no longer wrestle for KPW, remaining active as the head trainer and owner of the organization. In August, after Godzina Zero, he left for Romania as a trainer and appeared in two matches there.
* Previously, [Greg](@/w/greg.md) took on a new persona of the self-proclaimed Pope of Polish Wrestling, Pijus I Greg. [Chemik](@/w/chemik.md) now also ditched his butler persona, and appears dressed like an altar boy.
* Now fully turned heel, with new gear and entrance music, [Boski 2.0](@/w/ostrowski.md) has a score to settle with [David Oliwa](@/w/david-oliwa.md).
* Tag Team Champions [Sawicki](@/w/sawicki.md) and [Rosetti](@/w/rosetti.md) began to lose trust in each other. Initially Rosetti was slated to face [Fynn Freyhart](@/w/fynn-freyhart.md), but when [Krystian Malinowski](@/w/krystian-malinowski.md) [found out][adepci-klamstwa-i-wideo] that the Champion had lied to him about Sawicki's supposed injury, he removed Rosetti from the match and replaced him with his tag team partner.

## Card

{% card() %}
- - '[Dom Taylor](@/w/dom-taylor.md)'
  - '[Eryk Lesak](@/w/eryk-lesak.md)'
- - '[Daniel Boza](@/w/mutant.md)'
  - '[Chemik](@/w/chemik.md)'
- - '[Fynn Freyhart](@/w/fynn-freyhart.md)'
  - '[Sawicki](@/w/sawicki.md)'
- - '[David Oliwa](@/w/david-oliwa.md)(c)'
  - '[Boski 2.0](@/w/ostrowski.md)'
  - '[Greg](@/w/greg.md)'
  - c: '[KPW OldTown Championship](@/c/kpw-old-town-championship.md)'
    s: Three-Way Match
- - '[Robert Star](@/w/robert-star.md)(c)'
  - Reinbakh
  - c: '[KPW Championship](@/c/kpw-championship.md)'
- credits:
    Commentary: Marek Łojek, Mateusz Mazurowski
    Ring announcer: '[Kinga Różańska](@/w/kinga-miotke.md)'
{% end %}

## References

* [Cagematch event page](https://www.cagematch.net/?id=1&nr=247706)
* [Highlights video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cpIp2EJHK2I)
* [Facebook event page](https://www.facebook.com/events/503462513806599/)

[adepci-klamstwa-i-wideo]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5KB7Uf_1llM
