+++
title = "KPW Arena 13: Capo Di Tutti Capi"
template = "event_page.html"
authors = ["Krzysztof Zych", "M3n747"]
aliases = ["/e/kpw/2019-04-05-kpw-arena-13-capo-di-tutti-capi"]
[taxonomies]
chronology = ["kpw", "arena"]
venue=["gdynskie-centrum-sportu"]
[extra]
city = "Gdynia"
toclevel = 2
has_video = true
[extra.gallery]
+++

Arena 13 was held on 5.04.2019 in [Gdynia Sports Center](@/v/gdynskie-centrum-sportu.md). The event's name, an Italian phrase associated with the Mafia, meaning _the boss of all the bosses_, is a reference to the fact that KPW would finally select their new Chairman persona on this event, closing this storyline. It would also see the first ever title defense of the new Tag Team Championship.

Initially set to take place on Saturday, 6.04.2019, the event was moved to 5.04 due to resons beyond KPW's control.

## Build-up

* In a promo released before the event, [Rosetti](@/w/rosetti.md) mockingly referred to their opponents as Fynn Frajerheart (_frajer_ being the word for loser) and Vincent Heineken, with a faux German accent, while raising a bottle of a Heineken beer. This was followed by more references to Germany and war crimes. At the end, [Sawicki](@/w/sawicki.md) smashed the green beer bottle against a wall, calling it "fucking German piss". Heineken is a Dutch company.
* In another promo, Chairman candidate [Krzysztof Zasada](@/w/krzysztof-zasada.md) withdrew himself, giving his support to candidate Malinowski.
* Yet another promo, recorded in a horror style, featured the future [Diana](@/w/diana-strong.md) calling [Moloch](@/w/moloch.md) unbeatable in a solo fight. [Peter Pannache](@/w/peter-pannache.md) would be the next one to challenge that claim.

## Card

{% card() %}
- - '[Boski Ostrowski](@/w/ostrowski.md)'
  - '[Adam Bravo](@/w/adam-bravo.md)'
- - '[Moloch](@/w/moloch.md)'
  - '[Peter Pannache](@/w/peter-pannache.md)'
- - '[David Oliwa](@/w/david-oliwa.md)'
  - '[Gracjan Korpo](@/w/gracjan-korpo.md)'
  - s: '[KPW OldTown Championship](@/c/kpw-old-town-championship.md) #1 Contender Match'
- - '[Sawicki](@/w/sawicki.md) & [Rosetti](@/w/rosetti.md)'
  - '[Fynn Freyhart](@/w/fynn-freyhart.md) & [Kamil Aleksander](@/w/kamil-aleksander.md)'
  - c: '[KPW Tag Team Championship](@/c/kpw-tag-team-championship.md)'
    s: Tag Team Match
- - '[Robert Star](@/w/robert-star.md)'
  - '[Ron Corvus](@/w/ron-corvus.md)(c)'
  - c: '[KPW Championship](@/c/kpw-championship.md)'
- credits:
    Ring announcer: '[Arkadiusz Pawłowski](@/w/pan-pawlowski.md)'
{% end %}

### Recap

* Gracjan lost after [Moloch](@/w/moloch.md) appeared at ringside. The two were supposed to be tag team partners at Arena 11, and are now feuding.
* After Dawid's match, current champion [Greg](@/w/greg.md) appeared, followed later by Ostrowski, Oliwa's former partner. Heated words and punches were exchanged.
* [Bianca](@/w/bianca.md) announced the vote count for the new Chairman: Kawaler and Malinowski with 26 votes each. Her vote was now deciding, and she cast it for Malinowski.
* Vincent Heisenberg, originally slated to be the tag team partner of [Fynn Freyhart](@/w/fynn-freyhart.md), missed the show due to health-related reasons. His place in the match was given to [Kamil Aleksander](@/w/kamil-aleksander.md).
* [Sawicki](@/w/sawicki.md) bled visibly during the tag team match.
* Robert is still wearing Kawaleria's facepaint.
* After Robert won the belt, Kawaler, still in his Chairman Candidate suit, appeared and requested Robert to hand over the belt, attacking and mock-pinning him. Robert
  retaliated with a Rockstar Hangover.
* This would be the final KPW event to feature Pawłowski.

## References

* [Cagematch event page](https://www.cagematch.net/?id=1&nr=230512)
* [KPW's event page](https://kpwrestling.pl/events/kpw-arena-13/)
* [Highlights video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wifakh-bLvw)
* [Facebook event page](https://www.facebook.com/events/2258200644451455/)
* [Recap on MyWrestling](https://mywrestling.com.pl/kpw-arena-13-capo-di-tutti-capi-wyniki/)
