+++
title = "KPW Arena 14: Następny Poziom"
template = "event_page.html"
authors = ["Krzysztof Zych", "M3n747"]
aliases = ["/e/kpw/2019-06-15-kpw-arena-14-nastepny-poziom"]
[taxonomies]
chronology = ["kpw", "arena", "stocznia-gdanska"]
venue = ["b90"]
[extra]
city = "Gdynia"
toclevel = 2
has_video = true
[extra.gallery]
+++

Następny Poziom (_The Next Level_) was held as part of the third (and final) SzlamFest. In terms of KPW history, it was a regular Arena show, continuing the storylines from Arena 13. The venue was Klub {{ map_pin(v="B90") }}B90, a music and event space, located in the popular [post-shipyard part of Gdańsk](@/v/stocznia-gdanska.md).

This event had a major foreign guest - British wrestler Mark Haskins, who by then has appeared for NJPW and Ring of Honor, as well as countless British organizations. Other foreign wrestlers were the returning [Dom Taylor](@/w/dom-taylor.md), the veteran Anton Green, and 19-year old female wrestler Chakara.

## Build-up

* Oliwa previously won the #1 Contender's match aagainst [Gracjan Korpo](@/w/gracjan-korpo.md).
* KPW [posted on Facebook][star-zwolniony] that [Robert Star](@/w/robert-star.md) was fired for breaking terms of his contract that he allegedly signed with [Piękny Kawaler](@/w/piekny-kawaler.md) back at Arena X. This likely referred to him not surrendering the championship belt won at Arena 13 to Kawaler. In effect, the KPW Championship was vacant.
* Kawaler was also suspended since Arena 11, for attacking the referee who disqualified the team of Robert and Kawaler from their second round match, for being under the influence.

## Card

{% card() %}
- - '[Rosetti](@/w/rosetti.md)'
  - Anton Green
- - '[Moloch](@/w/moloch.md)'
  - '[Gracjan Korpo](@/w/gracjan-korpo.md)'
- - '[Alisa](@/w/alisa.md)'
  - Chakara
- - '[David Oliwa](@/w/david-oliwa.md)'
  - '[Greg](@/w/greg.md)(c)'
  - s: 'I Quit Match'
    c: '[KPW OldTown Championship](@/c/kpw-old-town-championship.md)'
- - '[Piękny Kawaler](@/w/piekny-kawaler.md)'
  - Mark Haskins
- - '[Robert Star](@/w/robert-star.md)'
  - '[Dom Taylor](@/w/dom-taylor.md)'
  - '[Peter Pannache](@/w/peter-pannache.md)'
  - '[Ron Corvus](@/w/ron-corvus.md)'
  - '[Kamil Aleksander](@/w/kamil-aleksander.md)'
  - '[Sawicki](@/w/sawicki.md)'
  - c: '[KPW Championship](@/c/kpw-championship.md)'
    s: Elimination Match
- credits:
    Ring announcer: '[Kinga Różańska](@/w/kinga-miotke.md)'
{% end %}

### Recap

* Ring announcer [Arkadiusz Pawłowski](@/w/pan-pawlowski.md) had left KPW following [Arena 13](@/e/kpw/2019-04-05-kpw-arena-13.md). He was replaced by a female announcer, [Kinga Różańska](@/w/kinga-miotke.md).
* [Rosetti](@/w/rosetti.md) issued an open challenge, which was accepted by Anton Green.
* Chairman [Krystian Malinowski](@/w/krystian-malinowski.md) appeared, reinstated Robert and added him to the main event.
* Like at the previous editions of SzlamFest, there was one hardcore match. This time it was [David Oliwa](@/w/david-oliwa.md) and [Greg](@/w/greg.md) who used chains, kendo sticks, chairs, ladders and light tubes on each other.
* [Piękny Kawaler](@/w/piekny-kawaler.md) was also reinstated to the roster after defeating Haskins and completing two other tasks, that the Chairman gave him previously in recorded vignettes.

### Trivia

* In an episode of [Istota Wrestlingu][istota-202501], [PpW's](@/o/ppw.md) [Mister Z](@/w/mister-z.md) recalled that he and [Michael HT](@/w/michael-ht.md) were present at this event as fans, and he in particular was very impressed with Piękny Kawaler vs Mark Haskins.

## References

* [Cagematch event page](https://www.cagematch.net/?id=1&nr=232400)
* [KPW's event page](https://kpwrestling.pl/events/kpw-arena-14/)
* [Highlights video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7jeSSOol_j4)

[istota-202501]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_YTLpybrUL8
[star-zwolniony]: https://www.facebook.com/kpwrestling/posts/pfbid02fGtUG8wuaMW25FV76VqSQHECjCVqt1E4McUNJmBhFu9x3mKLNE4HWao94yK7UEXal
