content/e/kpw/2020-02-01-kpw-arena-16.md, before:

+++
title = "KPW Arena 16: Polowanie"
template = "event_page.html"
authors = ["Krzysztof Zych", "M3n747"]
aliases = ["/e/kpw/2020-02-01-kpw-arena-16-polowanie"]
[taxonomies]
chronology = ["kpw", "arena"]
venue=["gdynskie-centrum-sportu"]
[extra]
city = "Gdynia"
toclevel = 2
[extra.gallery]
1 = { path = "2020-02-01-kpw-arena-16-polowanie-plakat.jpg", caption = "Official poster, showing [Primate](@/w/primate.md) and [Wild Boar](@/w/wild-boar.md).", source = "kpwrestling.pl / Official KPW Facebook" }
+++

Polowanie (_The Hunt_) was the 16th Arena event, held by KPW on February 1st 2020 in Gdynia Sports Center. The event is named after its main attraction: the team of British wrestlers [Primate](@/w/primate.md) and [Wild Boar](@/w/wild-boar.md), who were hot in NXT UK at the time. Both previously appeared for KPW in solo fights.

It was also KPW's last event for more than 18 months, because of the COVID-19 pandemic. Severe, country-wide restrictions were implemented from March 2020 onwards. During that time, KPW's future was very uncertain.

We saw one debuting wrestler: [Piotr "Opol" Opolski](@/w/piotr-opolski.md). Another foreign guest this time was Austrian wrestler Martn Pain.

## Build-up

* [Sawicki](@/w/sawicki.md) and [Rosetti](@/w/rosetti.md) shot a promo at a literal shooting range in Gdynia, getting ready for The Hunt.
* In a series of horror-themed vignettes, Daniel Boza first received a mysterious letter containing a key. Then we saw him explore a dark, seemingly abandoned house he entered using this key, where he found a mysterious phone. The phone suddenly rang, and when he picked up, a mysterious, altered voice told him that he must be the eagle who hunts the wolf, referring to his fight with Lesak.
* Leaning into their new priest and altar boy gimmick, [Chemik](@/w/chemik.md) and [Greg](@/w/greg.md) invaded the home of Marcin Opolski's (Piotr's brother) under the guise of a traditional ministerial visit. Marcin received a punch to the gut from Greg. Another tradition of the priest giving a small portrait of the Virgin Mary or one of the saints to children was also upheld, with Greg leaving his own photograph on Marcin's table. Piotr reacted to this strongly, challenging Greg to the ring.
* They also incorporated these roles into their ring entrance: [Greg](@/w/greg.md) would now strut around with a large signet ring, allowing audience members to kiss it, after which he would give them his blessing. [Chemik](@/w/chemik.md), in his altar boy's attire would collect donations, as is common in Polish churches during the Mass. Before entering the ring, Chemik would also swing a thurible filled with burning incense around Greg, imitating Catholic rites.

## Card

{% card() %}
- - '[Boski 2.0](@/w/ostrowski.md)'
  - '[Krystian Malinowski](@/w/krystian-malinowski.md)'
  - g: '[Boski 2.0](@/w/ostrowski.md) demands a fight with [David Oliwa](@/w/david-oliwa.md) for the [KPW OldTown Championship](@/c/kpw-old-town-championship.md).'
- - '[Daniel Boza](@/w/mutant.md)'
  - '[Eryk Lesak](@/w/eryk-lesak.md)'
- - '[Bianca](@/w/bianca.md)'
  - '[Diana Rega](@/w/diana-strong.md)'
- - '[David Oliwa](@/w/david-oliwa.md)(c)'
  - 'Martn Pain'
  - c: '[KPW OldTown Championship](@/c/kpw-old-town-championship.md)'
- - '[Greg](@/w/greg.md)'
  - '[Piotr Opolski](@/w/piotr-opolski.md)'
- - '[The Hunt](@/tt/the-hunt.md): [Primate](@/w/primate.md) & [Wild Boar](@/w/wild-boar.md)'
  - '[Sawicki](@/w/sawicki.md) & [Rosetti](@/w/rosetti.md)'
  - c: '[KPW Tag Team Championship](@/c/kpw-tag-team-championship.md)'
- credits:
    Commentary: Marek Łojek, Mateusz Mazurowski
    Ring announcer: '[Kinga Różańska](@/w/kinga-miotke.md)'
    Referee: '[Karol Górski](@/w/iskra.md)'
{% end %}

### Aftermath

* As a result of the pandemic, The Hunt would be the longest reigning KPW Tag Team Champions, at 959 days, but with no defenses.
* This would be [Diana](@/w/diana-strong.md)'s final match in KPW. In 2021, she faced Sixt in Danish BODYSLAM! before making her debut for the new [PTW](@/o/ptw.md) in January 2022.
* After losing the belts, [Rosetti](@/w/rosetti.md) betrayed [Sawicki](@/w/sawicki.md) and hit him with a chair to the head. [Robert Star](@/w/robert-star.md) intervened and protected Sawicki. Neither Robert nor Sawicki were seen again in KPW - they would later also join PTW, but Sawicki didn't get a match opportunity until [PTW: Złoto Dla Zuchwałych](@/e/ptw/2025-06-28-ptw-zloto-dla-zuchwalych.md) in 2025.

## References

* [Cagematch event page](https://www.cagematch.net/?id=1&nr=270643)
* [Full event on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i1SwLDEX6IM)
* [Facebook event page](https://www.facebook.com/events/560697841420090/)

Commit message:

Stare grafiki KPW (#2012)
* Stare grafiki KPW

* Błędna nazwa pliku

* Arena 18

* Arena 19

* GZ'22

* Arena 20

* Arena 21

* Arena 22

* Zepsuty link

* GZ'23

* Arena 23

* Arena 24

* Arena 25

* A25 - Zbędne/brakujące linki w galerii

* GZ'24

* Arena 26

* Zera na początku dla właściwej kolejności

* Arena 27

* Arena 29 (kolejność tylko)

* Arena 16

* Arena 15

* GZ'19

+Link u Lesaka

* OldTown 4

* Oliwa w towarzystwie Bianki

https://www.facebook.com/kpwrestling/posts/pfbid02Pdogfve4tVWRXz8tYjRPLTrpsJoMc7c2qSCxybKAJWWfkPCxKufEpDjak25JTCVZl

* Porządki w OldTownach, teczka Kluczewa

* Arena 14

* Reszta Kordonu

* Arena 13

+Słówko w OldTown Weekend

* Słówko tu, enter tam

* Arena 12

* Arena 11

* Brakujące rozszerzenie

* GZ'18

* Pusta linia

* Nieaktualna informacja o CM

* OldTown 3

* Arena X

* Nadprogramowa linijka

* Arena 9

* Arena 8

+Luka w podpisie grafiki w Arenie X.

* Arena 8

* Literówki w nazwisku Fynna Freyharta

* GZ'17

* Typo

* OldTown 2

* Arena 7

+Brakujący podpis w GZ'17

* A14 link

* Arena 6

* Rozszerzenie

* Szlamfest

* Arena V

* Arena 4

* Zbędna linijka

* Arena 4 c.d.

* Nazwa pliku

* GZ'16

* Arena 3 (i trochę V)

* Arena 2

* Update 2016-04-30-kpw-arena-2.md

* Hung(a)ry for Kombat

* Health issues

* Pivotshare

---------

Co-authored-by: Krzysztof Zych <k33rni@gmail.com>

content/e/kpw/2020-02-01-kpw-arena-16.md, after:

+++
title = "KPW Arena 16: Polowanie"
template = "event_page.html"
authors = ["Krzysztof Zych", "M3n747"]
aliases = ["/e/kpw/2020-02-01-kpw-arena-16-polowanie"]
[taxonomies]
chronology = ["kpw", "arena"]
venue=["gdynskie-centrum-sportu"]
[extra]
city = "Gdynia"
toclevel = 2
[extra.gallery]
+++

Polowanie (_The Hunt_) was the 16th Arena event, held by KPW on February 1st 2020 in Gdynia Sports Center. The event is named after its main attraction: the team of British wrestlers [Primate](@/w/primate.md) and [Wild Boar](@/w/wild-boar.md), who were hot in NXT UK at the time. Both previously appeared for KPW in solo fights.

It was also KPW's last event for more than 18 months, because of the COVID-19 pandemic. Severe, country-wide restrictions were implemented from March 2020 onwards. During that time, KPW's future was very uncertain.

We saw one debuting wrestler: [Piotr "Opol" Opolski](@/w/piotr-opolski.md). Another foreign guest this time was Austrian wrestler Martn Pain.

The full show was available as a paid video on Pivotshare VOD, but the service has since closed down, and the full show is free to watch on YouTube.

## Build-up

* [Sawicki](@/w/sawicki.md) and [Rosetti](@/w/rosetti.md) shot a promo at a literal shooting range in Gdynia, getting ready for The Hunt.
* In a series of horror-themed vignettes, Daniel Boza first received a mysterious letter containing a key. Then we saw him explore a dark, seemingly abandoned house he entered using this key, where he found a mysterious phone. The phone suddenly rang, and when he picked up, a mysterious, altered voice told him that he must be the eagle who hunts the wolf, referring to his fight with Lesak.
* Leaning into their new priest and altar boy gimmick, [Chemik](@/w/chemik.md) and [Greg](@/w/greg.md) invaded the home of Marcin Opolski's (Piotr's brother) under the guise of a traditional ministerial visit. Marcin received a punch to the gut from Greg. Another tradition of the priest giving a small portrait of the Virgin Mary or one of the saints to children was also upheld, with Greg leaving his own photograph on Marcin's table. Piotr reacted to this strongly, challenging Greg to the ring.
* They also incorporated these roles into their ring entrance: [Greg](@/w/greg.md) would now strut around with a large signet ring, allowing audience members to kiss it, after which he would give them his blessing. [Chemik](@/w/chemik.md), in his altar boy's attire would collect donations, as is common in Polish churches during the Mass. Before entering the ring, Chemik would also swing a thurible filled with burning incense around Greg, imitating Catholic rites.

## Card

{% card() %}
- - '[Boski 2.0](@/w/ostrowski.md)'
  - '[Krystian Malinowski](@/w/krystian-malinowski.md)'
  - g: '[Boski 2.0](@/w/ostrowski.md) demands a fight with [David Oliwa](@/w/david-oliwa.md) for the [KPW OldTown Championship](@/c/kpw-old-town-championship.md).'
- - '[Daniel Boza](@/w/mutant.md)'
  - '[Eryk Lesak](@/w/eryk-lesak.md)'
- - '[Bianca](@/w/bianca.md)'
  - '[Diana Rega](@/w/diana-strong.md)'
- - '[David Oliwa](@/w/david-oliwa.md)(c)'
  - 'Martn Pain'
  - c: '[KPW OldTown Championship](@/c/kpw-old-town-championship.md)'
- - '[Greg](@/w/greg.md)'
  - '[Piotr Opolski](@/w/piotr-opolski.md)'
- - '[The Hunt](@/tt/the-hunt.md): [Primate](@/w/primate.md) & [Wild Boar](@/w/wild-boar.md)'
  - '[Sawicki](@/w/sawicki.md) & [Rosetti](@/w/rosetti.md)'
  - c: '[KPW Tag Team Championship](@/c/kpw-tag-team-championship.md)'
- credits:
    Commentary: Marek Łojek, Mateusz Mazurowski
    Ring announcer: '[Kinga Różańska](@/w/kinga-miotke.md)'
    Referee: '[Karol Górski](@/w/iskra.md)'
{% end %}

### Aftermath

* As a result of the pandemic, The Hunt would be the longest reigning KPW Tag Team Champions, at 959 days, but with no defenses.
* This would be [Diana](@/w/diana-strong.md)'s final match in KPW. In 2021, she faced Sixt in Danish BODYSLAM! before making her debut for the new [PTW](@/o/ptw.md) in January 2022.
* After losing the belts, [Rosetti](@/w/rosetti.md) betrayed [Sawicki](@/w/sawicki.md) and hit him with a chair to the head. [Robert Star](@/w/robert-star.md) intervened and protected Sawicki. Neither Robert nor Sawicki were seen again in KPW - they would later also join PTW, but Sawicki didn't get a match opportunity until [PTW: Złoto Dla Zuchwałych](@/e/ptw/2025-06-28-ptw-zloto-dla-zuchwalych.md) in 2025.

## References

* [Cagematch event page](https://www.cagematch.net/?id=1&nr=270643)
* [Full event on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i1SwLDEX6IM)
* [Facebook event page](https://www.facebook.com/events/560697841420090/)
