content/e/kpw/2021-08-21-kpw-arena-17.md, before:

+++
title = "KPW Arena 17: Odrodzenie"
template = "event_page.html"
authors = ["Krzysztof Zych", "M3n747"]
aliases = ["/e/kpw/2021-08-21-kpw-arena-17-odrodzenie"]
[taxonomies]
chronology = ["kpw", "arena"]
venue=["gdynskie-centrum-sportu"]
[extra]
city = "Gdynia"
toclevel = 2
[extra.gallery]
1 = { path = "2021-08-21-kpw-arena-17-odrodzenie-plakat.jpg", caption = "Official poster, featuring [Michael Kovac](@/w/michael-kovac.md).", source = "kpwrestling.pl / Official KPW Facebook" }
+++

Odrodzenie (_The Rebirth_) was KPW's first show after an extended, 18 month hiatus caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. The venue was again the Gdynia Sports Center,
although it would be the last show held there, with the following events moving to a smaller venue. The name refers to the organization finally recovering from the pandemic crisis (and being drained of talent by the new PTW), experiencing a rebirth of sorts. Because the annual supershow Godzina Zero was not held that year, and because this event took its usual spot in the middle of August, it can also be considered that year's replacement.

Foreign guests this time were the returning Crowchester (previously seen at [KPW OldTown 4](@/e/kpw/2019-07-13-kpw-oldtown-4.md)), Slovakian wrestler Ricky Sky, and Austrian veteran wrestler and trainer Michael Kovac, plus the already familiar [Fynn Freyhart](@/w/fynn-freyhart.md). For Kovac, this was a return to Poland after over a decade: in 2009 he wrestled El Generico at [DDW #3](@/e/ddw/2009-10-24-ddw-3.md).
The event aslo saw the debuts of three new wrestlers: the high-flying masked luchador [Zefir](@/w/zefir.md), and the tag team of [Filip](@/w/filip-fux.md) and [Michał Fux](@/w/michal-fux.md).

Originally [Chemik](@/w/chemik.md) was to face [Fynn Freyhart](@/w/fynn-freyhart.md). However, Chemik stated in a Facebook post that he was unable to compete due to an injury, and two days later Ricky Sky was announced as his replacement.

## Card

{% card() %}
- - '[Rosetti](@/w/rosetti.md)'
  - '[Zefir](@/w/zefir.md)'
- - '[Fynn Freyhart](@/w/fynn-freyhart.md)'
  - '[Ricky Sky](@/w/ricky-sky.md)'
- - '[Bracia Fux](@/tt/bracia-fux.md): [Filip Fux](@/w/filip-fux.md) & [Michał Fux](@/w/michal-fux.md)'
  - '[Eryk Lesak](@/w/eryk-lesak.md) & [Piotr Opolski](@/w/piotr-opolski.md)'
  - s: Tag Team Match
- - '[Greg](@/w/greg.md)'
  - 'Crowchester'
- - '[Greg](@/w/greg.md)'
  - '[Chemik](@/w/chemik.md)'
  - g: Chemik vows celibacy until he wins three fights.
- - '[David Oliwa](@/w/david-oliwa.md)(c)'
  - '[Michael Kovac](@/w/michael-kovac.md)'
  - c: '[KPW OldTown Championship](@/c/kpw-old-town-championship.md)'
- credits:
    Referee: '[Krystian Czekaj](@/w/krystian-czekaj.md)'
    Ring announcer: '[Kinga Różańska](@/w/kinga-miotke.md)'
    Commentary: '[Krystian Czekaj](@/w/krystian-czekaj.md)'
{% end %}

### Aftermath

* [Chemik](@/w/chemik.md) made a vow that until he wins three fights, he's going to remain celibate and not touch a woman, insulting ring announcer Kinga and the audience in the process.

## References

* [Cagematch event page](https://www.cagematch.net/?id=1&nr=321394)
* [Full event on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jmoffsimwUk)
* [KPW's event page](https://kpwrestling.pl/events/kpw-arena-17/)
* [Facebook event page](https://www.facebook.com/events/4396239843739632/)

Commit message:

Stare grafiki KPW (#2012)
* Stare grafiki KPW

* Błędna nazwa pliku

* Arena 18

* Arena 19

* GZ'22

* Arena 20

* Arena 21

* Arena 22

* Zepsuty link

* GZ'23

* Arena 23

* Arena 24

* Arena 25

* A25 - Zbędne/brakujące linki w galerii

* GZ'24

* Arena 26

* Zera na początku dla właściwej kolejności

* Arena 27

* Arena 29 (kolejność tylko)

* Arena 16

* Arena 15

* GZ'19

+Link u Lesaka

* OldTown 4

* Oliwa w towarzystwie Bianki

https://www.facebook.com/kpwrestling/posts/pfbid02Pdogfve4tVWRXz8tYjRPLTrpsJoMc7c2qSCxybKAJWWfkPCxKufEpDjak25JTCVZl

* Porządki w OldTownach, teczka Kluczewa

* Arena 14

* Reszta Kordonu

* Arena 13

+Słówko w OldTown Weekend

* Słówko tu, enter tam

* Arena 12

* Arena 11

* Brakujące rozszerzenie

* GZ'18

* Pusta linia

* Nieaktualna informacja o CM

* OldTown 3

* Arena X

* Nadprogramowa linijka

* Arena 9

* Arena 8

+Luka w podpisie grafiki w Arenie X.

* Arena 8

* Literówki w nazwisku Fynna Freyharta

* GZ'17

* Typo

* OldTown 2

* Arena 7

+Brakujący podpis w GZ'17

* A14 link

* Arena 6

* Rozszerzenie

* Szlamfest

* Arena V

* Arena 4

* Zbędna linijka

* Arena 4 c.d.

* Nazwa pliku

* GZ'16

* Arena 3 (i trochę V)

* Arena 2

* Update 2016-04-30-kpw-arena-2.md

* Hung(a)ry for Kombat

* Health issues

* Pivotshare

---------

Co-authored-by: Krzysztof Zych <k33rni@gmail.com>

content/e/kpw/2021-08-21-kpw-arena-17.md, after:

+++
title = "KPW Arena 17: Odrodzenie"
template = "event_page.html"
authors = ["Krzysztof Zych", "M3n747"]
aliases = ["/e/kpw/2021-08-21-kpw-arena-17-odrodzenie"]
[taxonomies]
chronology = ["kpw", "arena"]
venue=["gdynskie-centrum-sportu"]
[extra]
city = "Gdynia"
toclevel = 2
[extra.gallery]
+++

Odrodzenie (_The Rebirth_) was KPW's first show after an extended, 18 month hiatus caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. The venue was again the [Gdynia Sports Center](@/v/gdynskie-centrum-sportu.md),
although it would be the last show held there, with the following events moving to a [smaller venue](@/v/atlantic-nh-gdynia.md). The name refers to the organization finally recovering from the COVID-19 pandemic crisis (and being drained of talent by the recently created [Prime Time Wrestling](@/o/ptw.md)), experiencing a rebirth of sorts. Because the annual supershow Godzina Zero was not held that year, and because this event took its usual spot in the middle of August, it can also be considered that year's replacement.

Foreign guests this time were the returning Crowchester (previously seen at [KPW OldTown 4](@/e/kpw/2019-07-13-kpw-oldtown-4.md)), Slovakian wrestler [Ricky Sky](@/w/ricky-sky.md), and Austrian veteran wrestler and trainer [Michael Kovac](@/w/michael-kovac.md), plus the already familiar [Fynn Freyhart](@/w/fynn-freyhart.md). For Kovac, this was a return to Poland after over a decade: in 2009 he wrestled El Generico at [DDW #3](@/e/ddw/2009-10-24-ddw-3.md).
The event aslo saw the debuts of three new wrestlers: the high-flying masked luchador [Zefir](@/w/zefir.md), and the tag team of [Filip](@/w/filip-fux.md) and [Michał Fux](@/w/michal-fux.md).

Originally [Chemik](@/w/chemik.md) was to face [Fynn Freyhart](@/w/fynn-freyhart.md). However, KPW stated in a [Facebook post][chemika-nie-bedzie] that he was unable to compete due to an injury, and two days later Ricky Sky was announced as his replacement.

## Card

{% card() %}
- - '[Rosetti](@/w/rosetti.md)'
  - '[Zefir](@/w/zefir.md)'
- - '[Fynn Freyhart](@/w/fynn-freyhart.md)'
  - '[Ricky Sky](@/w/ricky-sky.md)'
- - '[Bracia Fux](@/tt/bracia-fux.md): [Filip Fux](@/w/filip-fux.md) & [Michał Fux](@/w/michal-fux.md)'
  - '[Eryk Lesak](@/w/eryk-lesak.md) & [Piotr Opolski](@/w/piotr-opolski.md)'
  - s: Tag Team Match
- - '[Greg](@/w/greg.md)'
  - 'Crowchester'
- - '[Greg](@/w/greg.md)'
  - '[Chemik](@/w/chemik.md)'
  - g: Chemik vows celibacy until he wins three fights.
- - '[David Oliwa](@/w/david-oliwa.md)(c)'
  - '[Michael Kovac](@/w/michael-kovac.md)'
  - c: '[KPW OldTown Championship](@/c/kpw-old-town-championship.md)'
- credits:
    Referee: '[Krystian Czekaj](@/w/krystian-czekaj.md)'
    Ring announcer: '[Kinga Różańska](@/w/kinga-miotke.md)'
    Commentary: '[Krystian Czekaj](@/w/krystian-czekaj.md)'
{% end %}

### Aftermath

* [Chemik](@/w/chemik.md) made a vow that until he wins three fights, he's going to remain celibate and not so much as touch a woman, insulting ring announcer Kinga and the audience in the process.

## References

* [Cagematch event page](https://www.cagematch.net/?id=1&nr=321394)
* [Full event on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jmoffsimwUk)
* [KPW's event page](https://kpwrestling.pl/events/kpw-arena-17/)
* [Facebook event page](https://www.facebook.com/events/4396239843739632/)

[chemika-nie-bedzie]: https://www.facebook.com/kpwrestling/posts/pfbid02YZ8dH2G5Dgt69aYoZ61MUMP3ZqTq9C7ZU1aSQed1QSei7UY3iPd2abQyy7aHFCXKl
