content/e/kpw/2022-06-10-kpw-arena-19.md, before:

+++
title = "KPW Arena 19: Oko za Oko"
template = "event_page.html"
authors = ["Krzysztof Zych", "M3n747"]
aliases = ["/e/kpw/2022-06-10-kpw-arena-19-oko-za-oko"]
[taxonomies]
chronology = ["kpw", "arena"]
venue=["nowy-harem"]
[extra]
city = "Gdynia"
toclevel = 2
[extra.gallery]
1 = { path = "2022-06-10-kpw-arena-19-oko-za-oko-plakat.jpg", caption = "Official poster showing [David Oliwa](@/w/david-oliwa.md) lifting Gianni Valletta, with [Chemik](@/w/chemik.md)'s face in the background.", source = "kpwrestling.pl / Official KPW Facebook" }
+++

Oko za Oko (_An Eye for an Eye_) was KPW's second show of 2022 and the 19th Arena show overall, held in the [Nowy Harem](@/v/atlantic-nh-gdynia.md) music club. This event saw the return of [Fynn Freyhart](@/w/fynn-freyhart.md) and Darius.

Originally, Austrian wrestler Martn Pain was set to face [Greg](@/w/greg.md) and [Darius](@/w/darius.md) in a three way match. Unfortunately, Martn had to bow out due to illness, turning the fight into a singles match.

## Card

{% card() %}
- - '[Filip Fux](@/w/filip-fux.md)'
  - '[Chemik](@/w/chemik.md)'
- - '[Eryk Lesak](@/w/eryk-lesak.md)'
  - '[Piotr Opolski](@/w/piotr-opolski.md)'
- - '[Zefir](@/w/zefir.md)'
  - '[Michał Fux](@/w/michal-fux.md)'
- - '[Greg](@/w/greg.md)'
  - '[Chemik](@/w/chemik.md)'
  - '[Eryk Lesak](@/w/eryk-lesak.md)'
  - '[Rosetti](@/w/rosetti.md)'
  - g: Greg holds a marriage-like ceremony to swear in a new tag team of Chemik and Lesak.
- - '[Greg](@/w/greg.md)'
  - '[Darius](@/w/darius.md)'
- - '[David Oliwa](@/w/david-oliwa.md)'
  - '[Fynn Freyhart](@/w/fynn-freyhart.md)'
  - s: '[KPW Championship](@/c/kpw-championship.md) #1 Contender Best Two Out Of Three Falls Match'
- credits:
    Referee: '[Krystian Czekaj](@/w/krystian-czekaj.md)'
    Ring announcer: '[Kinga Różańska](@/w/kinga-miotke.md)'
    Commentary: '[Krystian Czekaj](@/w/krystian-czekaj.md)'
{% end %}

### Recap

* Filip Fux entered holding a rolled-up banner. The banner, when unrolled (and displayed on the stage LED screen as well), turned out a mock photoshopped poster of Steve Carell's _The 40-Year-Old Virgin_ movie, but with [Chemik](@/w/chemik.md)'s face and age (23) inserted. After the fight, Chemik attempted to poke Filip's eye out with a long screwdriver, which resulted in some light bleeding from Filip's forehead.
* [Kawaleria](@/tt/kawaleria.md) was disbanded at Godzina Zero 2019, with Greg's surprise betrayal of Kawaler. Now under Greg's leadership, it was reborn as [Gałąź Gregoriańska](@/tt/galaz-gregorianska.md), consisting of Chemik, [Rosetti](@/w/rosetti.md) and [Eryk Lesak](@/w/eryk-lesak.md).
* Greg delivered his sermon from the ring, where he announced he's not going to exert himself as he only cares for the upcoming Godzina Zero. Then he performed a ceremony to swear in a new tag team of Lesak and Chemik.
* With the ref distracted, Greg put on his signet ring, and punched Darius to win.
* Freyhart scored the first pinfall. David's victory was interrupted by the Gregorian Branch. Greg, waving a soft penis-shaped candy from his crotch, attempted to "feed" it to David, held down by Rosetti. The Fux Brothers and Zefir interfered to help David and Fynn.
* This event marked the last appearance of Piotr Opolski, who sustained an injury shortly thereafter.
* Piotr Opolski was injured in his fight against Lesak and made no appearances of any kind until [Arena 27](@/e/kpw/2025-01-24-kpw-arena-27.md) in January 2025.

## References

* [Cagematch event page](https://www.cagematch.net/?id=1&nr=340665)
* [Full event on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XRQWwMuajec)
* [KPW's event page](https://kpwrestling.pl/events/kpw-arena-19/)

Commit message:

Stare grafiki KPW (#2012)
* Stare grafiki KPW

* Błędna nazwa pliku

* Arena 18

* Arena 19

* GZ'22

* Arena 20

* Arena 21

* Arena 22

* Zepsuty link

* GZ'23

* Arena 23

* Arena 24

* Arena 25

* A25 - Zbędne/brakujące linki w galerii

* GZ'24

* Arena 26

* Zera na początku dla właściwej kolejności

* Arena 27

* Arena 29 (kolejność tylko)

* Arena 16

* Arena 15

* GZ'19

+Link u Lesaka

* OldTown 4

* Oliwa w towarzystwie Bianki

https://www.facebook.com/kpwrestling/posts/pfbid02Pdogfve4tVWRXz8tYjRPLTrpsJoMc7c2qSCxybKAJWWfkPCxKufEpDjak25JTCVZl

* Porządki w OldTownach, teczka Kluczewa

* Arena 14

* Reszta Kordonu

* Arena 13

+Słówko w OldTown Weekend

* Słówko tu, enter tam

* Arena 12

* Arena 11

* Brakujące rozszerzenie

* GZ'18

* Pusta linia

* Nieaktualna informacja o CM

* OldTown 3

* Arena X

* Nadprogramowa linijka

* Arena 9

* Arena 8

+Luka w podpisie grafiki w Arenie X.

* Arena 8

* Literówki w nazwisku Fynna Freyharta

* GZ'17

* Typo

* OldTown 2

* Arena 7

+Brakujący podpis w GZ'17

* A14 link

* Arena 6

* Rozszerzenie

* Szlamfest

* Arena V

* Arena 4

* Zbędna linijka

* Arena 4 c.d.

* Nazwa pliku

* GZ'16

* Arena 3 (i trochę V)

* Arena 2

* Update 2016-04-30-kpw-arena-2.md

* Hung(a)ry for Kombat

* Health issues

* Pivotshare

---------

Co-authored-by: Krzysztof Zych <k33rni@gmail.com>

content/e/kpw/2022-06-10-kpw-arena-19.md, after:

+++
title = "KPW Arena 19: Oko za Oko"
template = "event_page.html"
authors = ["Krzysztof Zych", "M3n747"]
aliases = ["/e/kpw/2022-06-10-kpw-arena-19-oko-za-oko"]
[taxonomies]
chronology = ["kpw", "arena"]
venue=["nowy-harem"]
[extra]
city = "Gdynia"
toclevel = 2
[extra.gallery]
+++

Oko za Oko (_An Eye for an Eye_) was KPW's second show of 2022 and the 19th Arena show overall, held in the [Nowy Harem](@/v/atlantic-nh-gdynia.md) music club. This event saw the return of [Fynn Freyhart](@/w/fynn-freyhart.md) and Darius.

Originally, Austrian wrestler Martn Pain was set to face [Greg](@/w/greg.md) and [Darius](@/w/darius.md) in a three way match. Unfortunately, Martn had to bow out due to illness, turning the fight into a singles match. To compensate, KPW changed the stipulation of [David Oliwa](@/w/david-oliwa.md) vs Freyhart from a Singles Match to a Two out of Three Falls Match.

## Card

{% card() %}
- - '[Filip Fux](@/w/filip-fux.md)'
  - '[Chemik](@/w/chemik.md)'
- - '[Eryk Lesak](@/w/eryk-lesak.md)'
  - '[Piotr Opolski](@/w/piotr-opolski.md)'
- - '[Zefir](@/w/zefir.md)'
  - '[Michał Fux](@/w/michal-fux.md)'
- - '[Greg](@/w/greg.md)'
  - '[Chemik](@/w/chemik.md)'
  - '[Eryk Lesak](@/w/eryk-lesak.md)'
  - '[Rosetti](@/w/rosetti.md)'
  - g: Greg holds a marriage-like ceremony to swear in a new tag team of Chemik and Lesak.
- - '[Greg](@/w/greg.md)'
  - '[Darius](@/w/darius.md)'
- - '[David Oliwa](@/w/david-oliwa.md)'
  - '[Fynn Freyhart](@/w/fynn-freyhart.md)'
  - s: '[KPW Championship](@/c/kpw-championship.md) #1 Contender Best Two Out Of Three Falls Match'
- credits:
    Referee: '[Krystian Czekaj](@/w/krystian-czekaj.md)'
    Ring announcer: '[Kinga Różańska](@/w/kinga-miotke.md)'
    Commentary: '[Krystian Czekaj](@/w/krystian-czekaj.md)'
{% end %}

### Recap

* Filip Fux entered holding a rolled-up banner. The banner, when unrolled (and displayed on the stage LED screen as well), turned out a mock photoshopped poster of Steve Carell's _The 40-Year-Old Virgin_ movie, but with [Chemik](@/w/chemik.md)'s face and age (23) inserted. After the fight, Chemik attempted to poke Filip's eye out with a long screwdriver, which resulted in some light bleeding from Filip's forehead.
* [Kawaleria](@/tt/kawaleria.md) was disbanded at Godzina Zero 2019, with Greg's surprise betrayal of Kawaler. Now under Greg's leadership, it was reborn as [Gałąź Gregoriańska](@/tt/galaz-gregorianska.md), consisting of Chemik, [Rosetti](@/w/rosetti.md) and [Eryk Lesak](@/w/eryk-lesak.md).
* Greg delivered his sermon from the ring, where he announced he's not going to exert himself as he only cares for the upcoming Godzina Zero. Then he performed a ceremony to swear in a new tag team of Lesak and Chemik.
* With the ref distracted, Greg put on his signet ring, and punched Darius to win.
* Freyhart scored the first pinfall. David's victory was interrupted by the Gregorian Branch. Greg, waving a soft penis-shaped candy from his crotch, attempted to "feed" it to David, held down by Rosetti. The Fux Brothers and Zefir interfered to help David and Fynn.
* This event marked the last appearance of Piotr Opolski, who sustained an injury shortly thereafter.
* Piotr Opolski was injured in his fight against Lesak and made no appearances of any kind until [Arena 27](@/e/kpw/2025-01-24-kpw-arena-27.md) in January 2025.

## References

* [Cagematch event page](https://www.cagematch.net/?id=1&nr=340665)
* [Full event on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XRQWwMuajec)
* [KPW's event page](https://kpwrestling.pl/events/kpw-arena-19/)
