+++
title = "KPW Arena 18: Powrót do Przyszłości"
template = "event_page.html"
authors = ["Krzysztof Zych", "M3n747"]
aliases = ["/e/kpw/2022-03-18-kpw-arena-18-powrot-do-przyszlosci"]
[taxonomies]
chronology = ["kpw", "arena"]
venue=["nowy-harem"]
[extra]
city = "Gdynia"
toclevel = 2
[extra.gallery]
+++

Powrót Do Przyszłości (_Back To The Future_) was KPW's 18th Arena show, and the second post-pandemic one, after another 7-month long hiatus. This time, the show's name
references that they are back in a place from their past: the former Klub Atlantic (where Arenas [5](@/e/kpw/2017-01-14-kpw-arena-v.md), [6](@/e/kpw/2017-04-08-kpw-arena-6.md) and [7](@/e/kpw/2017-06-10-kpw-arena-7.md) were held), which has been rebranded and redecorated as [Nowy Harem](@/v/atlantic-nh-gdynia.md).

For this event, KPW invited the well-traveled Maltese wrestler Gianni Valletta, Italian masked wrestler Red Scorpion, and high-flying Austrian wrestler of Iranian descent, Darius.
[Ron Corvus](@/w/ron-corvus.md), last seen at [Arena 14](@/e/kpw/2019-06-15-kpw-arena-14.md) also returned to KPW after 3 years.

## Build-up

* In Zefir's promo, we saw him sitting at a bonfire and humming the melody from "Czterej Pancerni" (_Four Tank-Men and a Dog_), an extremely popular black-and-white Polish TV series from the 1960s. Zefir reminisced about his loss to [Rosetti](@/w/rosetti.md), and cast photos of his two opponents into the fire.
* [Greg](@/w/greg.md), appearing in his long monastic robes, declared that facing Corvus is his Via Crucis. In his promo we saw cuts to a past, younger, more aggressive Greg holding the KPW OldTown belt. Greg seemed to confront his younger self.
* Gianni Valletta told the viewers he already saw [David Oliwa](@/w/david-oliwa.md) fight in Malta. Indeed, in February that same year David faced Red Scorpion and Adam Envy in an event by Pro Wrestling Malta. On that same event, Gianni Valletta fought Zak Knight, a [future one-time](@/e/kpw/2023-05-19-kpw-arena-22.md) KPW competitor.
* [Ron Corvus](@/w/ron-corvus.md) considered his upcoming fight with [Greg](@/w/greg.md) a rematch from [five years ago](@/e/kpw/2017-02-04-kpw-szlamfest.md), which he won. On the day of the event, Corvus planned to do three things: swim in the sea, beat Greg again, and drink a lot of _piwo_ (beer).
* Lesak was certain that his loss to the Fux brothers at Arena 17 was solely the fault of the incompetent Piotr Opolski. He announced that [Rosetti](@/w/rosetti.md) is going to be his partner.
* [Boski 2.0](@/w/ostrowski.md) won a contract to challenge for a championship at Godzina Zero 2019. However, he's since retired from wrestling.

## Card

{% card() %}
- - '[Bracia Fux](@/tt/bracia-fux.md): [Filip Fux](@/w/filip-fux.md) & [Michał Fux](@/w/michal-fux.md)'
  - '[Eryk Lesak](@/w/eryk-lesak.md)'
  - s: Two On One Handicap Match
    r: Count Out
- - '[Chemik](@/w/chemik.md)'
  - '[Piotr Opolski](@/w/piotr-opolski.md)'
- - '[Rosetti](@/w/rosetti.md)'
  - '[Eryk Lesak](@/w/eryk-lesak.md)'
  - g: Rosetti explains his reasons for being late, invites Lesak to join a [new group](@/tt/galaz-gregorianska.md) being formed.
- - '[David Oliwa](@/w/david-oliwa.md)(c)'
  - Gianni Valletta
  - c: '[KPW OldTown Championship](@/c/kpw-old-town-championship.md)'
- - '[Red Scorpion](@/w/red-scorpion.md)'
  - '[Darius](@/w/darius.md)'
  - '[Zefir](@/w/zefir.md)'
  - s: Three Way Match
- - '[Greg](@/w/greg.md)'
  - '[Ron Corvus](@/w/ron-corvus.md)'
  - s: '[KPW Championship](@/c/kpw-championship.md) #1 Contender Hardcore Match'
- credits:
    Referees: '[Krystian Czekaj](@/w/krystian-czekaj.md), [Krystian Malinowski](@/w/krystian-malinowski.md)'
    Ring announcer: '[Kinga Różańska](@/w/kinga-miotke.md)'
    Commentary: '[Krystian Czekaj](@/w/krystian-czekaj.md)'
{% end %}

### Recap

* [Rosetti](@/w/rosetti.md) no-showed Lesak, who announced that he will now face the brothers alone.
* After taking a frog splash and escaping a pin, Lesak left the ring, flipping the bird at his opponents and the ref, which led to a count-out.
* [Chemik](@/w/chemik.md) entered carrying a wooden cross to the ring, and referenced the vows he made at the previous event. During the fight, Rosetti appeared, unaware that he missed his scheduled appeareance, which distracted the ref enough for Chemik to perform a backstabber and Last Rites to grab his first win.
* In a nostalgic throwback to 2017's [Szlamfest](@/e/kpw/2017-02-04-kpw-szlamfest.md), Chairman Krystian Malinowski was a special guest referee for the main event. Szlamfest also featured a hardcore match between Greg and Ron Corvus, and Krystian Malinowski was the referee at the time.

## References

* [Cagematch event page](https://www.cagematch.net/r/?id=1&nr=335612)
* [Full event on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kAp3we-kg-0)
* [Facebook event page](https://www.facebook.com/events/357134892922305/)
