+++
title = "KPW @ Pyrkon 2022"
template = "event_page.html"
authors = ["Krzysztof Zych"]
[taxonomies]
chronology = ["kpw", "pyrkon", "poznan-fair"]
venue = ["targi-poznan"]
[extra]
city = "Poznań"
toclevel = 2
+++

[Pyrkon][pyrkon] is an annual fan convention, the biggest of its kind in Poland, and one of the biggest in Europe. Having started as a fantasy/sci-fi convention, it grew over the years to include RPGs, LARPs, anime, cosplays, comics, board games, video games, and many other pop culture interests. The first one was held in 2000 in an elementary school in Poznań, and as the event grew, it finally moved to the International Trade Fair grounds. While the 2020 and 2021 editions were canceled because of the COVID-19 pandemic, attendance in 2022 was about 55 thousand people over 3 days.

In 2022, one of the Saturday attractions was wrestling, by KPW. It was well received by the fans, and gathered a huge crowd by KPW's standards. The foreign guests this time were Slovakian wrestler Ricky Sky in his second appearance; the now-regulars [Fynn Freyhart](@/w/fynn-freyhart.md) and Darius; German wrestler Matthias Bernstein, previously seen during OldTown 4 in 2019; and Italian wrestler from Genoa, Fabio Ferrari.

This was not the only fan convention that year to feature wrestling. [PTW](@/o/ptw.md) appeared at the primarily anime-focused Ryucon at the end of July in Kraków. Both organizations would return next year as well. The International Fair itself was also no stranger to wrestling, having already hosted PpW as part of a [craft beer fair](@/e/ppw/2021-07-30-ppw-poznan-supershow.md) in 2021, and would see them [again](@/e/ppw/2023-11-24-ppw-piwo-przyjacielem-wrestlingu.md) in 2023.

## Card

{% card() %}
- - '[Bracia Fux](@/tt/bracia-fux.md): [Filip Fux](@/w/filip-fux.md) & [Michał Fux](@/w/michal-fux.md)'
  - '[Gałąź Gregoriańska](@/tt/galaz-gregorianska.md): [Chemik](@/w/chemik.md) & [Eryk Lesak](@/w/eryk-lesak.md)'
  - s: Tag Team Match
- - '[Darius](@/w/darius.md)'
  - '[Zefir](@/w/zefir.md)'
- - '[Ricky Sky](@/w/ricky-sky.md)'
  - 'Matthias Bernstein'
- - '[David Oliwa](@/w/david-oliwa.md)'
  - 'Fabio Ferrari'
- - '[Fynn Freyhart](@/w/fynn-freyhart.md)'
  - '[Greg](@/w/greg.md)'
  - nc: Draw
- - '[David Oliwa](@/w/david-oliwa.md) & [Fynn Freyhart](@/w/fynn-freyhart.md) & [Zefir](@/w/zefir.md)'
  - '[Gałąź Gregoriańska](@/tt/galaz-gregorianska.md): [Chemik](@/w/chemik.md) & [Eryk Lesak](@/w/eryk-lesak.md) & [Greg](@/w/greg.md)'
  - s: Six Man Tag Team Match
- credits:
    Referee: '[Krystian Czekaj](@/w/krystian-czekaj.md)'
    Ring announcer: '[Kinga Różańska](@/w/kinga-miotke.md)'
{% end %}

Attendance: ca. 1000

## References

* [Cagematch event page](https://www.cagematch.net/?id=1&nr=345363)
* [KPW's event page](https://kpwrestling.pl/events/kpw-pyrkon-2022/)

[pyrkon]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pyrkon
