+++
title = "KPW @ Pyrkon 2023"
template = "event_page.html"
authors = ["Krzysztof Zych"]
aliases = ["/e/2023-06-17-kpw-pyrkon-2023"]
[taxonomies]
chronology = ["kpw", "pyrkon", "poznan-fair"]
venue = ["targi-poznan"]
[extra]
city = "Poznań"
toclevel = 2
+++

[Pyrkon][pyrkon] is an annual fan convention, the biggest of its kind in Poland, and one of the biggest in Europe. Having started as a fantasy/sci-fi convention, it grew over the years to include RPGs, LARPs, anime, cosplays, comics, board games, video games, and many other pop culture interests. The first one was held in 2000 in an elementary school in Poznań, and as the event grew, it finally moved to the International Trade Fair grounds. Attenance at the 2023 edition was about 53 thousand visitors over three days.

Like in 2022, one of the Saturday attractions was wrestling, by KPW. Once again, it was well received by the fans, and gathered a huge crowd. The show's start was delayed, and fans were impatiently chanting "Kurwa mać, ile mamy stać?" (roughly: _Fucking hell, how long do we need to wait_).

This event had no new foreign guests. Fans saw German wrestler Flexos in his second appearance, and the KPW Tag Team Champions Veit Müller and Hans Schulte, but not in a tag team match. The one tag team match saw Chemik, with his unnamed bodyguard replacing Eryk Lesak, face the Fux Brothers in Chairman Malinowski's tournament to produce challengers to Die Ordnung for the tag belts. This bodyguard was one of the KPW trainees.

## Card

{% card() %}
- - '[Zefir](@/w/zefir.md)'
  - '[Hans Schulte](@/w/hans-schulte.md)'
- - '[Rosetti](@/w/rosetti.md)'
  - '[Flexos](@/w/flexos.md)'
- - '[Greg](@/w/greg.md)'
  - '[Leon Lato](@/w/leon-lato.md)'
  - '[Veit Müller](@/w/veit-mueller.md)'
  - s: Three Way Match
- - '[Bracia Fux](@/tt/bracia-fux.md): [Michał Fux](@/w/michal-fux.md) & [Filip Fux](@/w/filip-fux.md)'
  - '[Chemik](@/w/chemik.md) & [Bodyguard](@/w/tomczak.md)'
  - s: '[KPW Tag Team Championship](@/c/kpw-tag-team-championship.md) Contendership Match'
- - '[Leon Lato](@/w/leon-lato.md)'
  - '[Bodyguard](@/w/tomczak.md)'
  - '[Chemik](@/w/chemik.md)'
  - '[Filip Fux](@/w/filip-fux.md)'
  - '[Michał Fux](@/w/michal-fux.md)'
  - '[Flexos](@/w/flexos.md)'
  - '[Greg](@/w/greg.md)'
  - '[Hans Schulte](@/w/hans-schulte.md)'
  - '[Veit Müller](@/w/veit-mueller.md)'
  - '[Rosetti](@/w/rosetti.md)'
  - '[Zefir](@/w/zefir.md)'
  - s: Battle Royal
- credits:
    Referee: '[Krystian Czekaj](@/w/krystian-czekaj.md)'
    Ring announcer: '[Kinga Miotke](@/w/kinga-miotke.md)'
{% end %}

Attendance: ca. 1500 (source: Cagematch)

### Results

* The Fux Brothers won their match and advanced into the final, three-way tag team match for the Tag-Team Championship at the upcoming [Godzina Zero](@/e/kpw/2023-08-18-kpw-godzina-zero-2023.md).

## References

* [Cagematch event page](https://www.cagematch.net/r/?id=1&nr=368919)
* [KPW's event page](https://kpwrestling.pl/events/pyrkon-2/)
* [Fan reactions and wrestler interviews on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C2OUZmtbCQo)
* [KPW's photo album from the event](https://www.facebook.com/media/set?vanity=kpwrestling&set=a.597558712503372)

[pyrkon]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pyrkon
