+++
title = "KPW Arena 21: Stara Szkoła"
template = "event_page.html"
authors = ["Krzysztof Zych", "M3n747"]
aliases = ["/e/2023-02-24-kpw-arena-21"]
[taxonomies]
chronology = ["kpw", "arena"]
venue=["nowy-harem"]
[extra]
city = "Gdynia"
toclevel = 2
has_video = true
[extra.gallery]
+++

Stara Szkoła (_Old School_) was the 21st Arena event, held on February 24, 2023 in the [Nowy Harem](@/v/atlantic-nh-gdynia.md) club.

The event had one new foreign guest: Japanese wrestler Shigehiro Irie, by that time already a veteran of 12 years in the ring and over a thousand matches. Irie had been touring the European scene since 2018, appearing in almost all the independent wrestling companies. At this event, he would have his first match in Poland.

## Build-up

* [Chemik's promo][promo-chemika] starts by imitating the communist-era news show Dziennik Telewizyjny (_Television Journal_), complete with theme tune. He appears in a suit and thick glasses and from a piece of paper reads a statement that clearly references the 1981 [Martial Law announcement][jaruzel].
* In Greg's first title defense since he won the title at [Godzina Zero 2022](@/e/kpw/2022-09-17-kpw-godzina-zero-2022.md), he faces the veteran Irie.

## Card

{% card() %}
- - '[Michał Fux](@/w/michal-fux.md)'
  - '[Chemik](@/w/chemik.md)'
- - '[Dom Taylor](@/w/dom-taylor.md)'
  - '[Rosetti](@/w/rosetti.md)'
  - r: Double Count Out
- - '[Die Ordnung](@/tt/die-ordnung.md): [Veit Müller](@/w/veit-mueller.md) & [Hans Schulte](@/w/hans-schulte.md)(c)'
  - '[Leon Lato](@/w/leon-lato.md) & [Zefir](@/w/zefir.md)'
  - c: '[KPW Tag Team Championship](@/c/kpw-tag-team-championship.md)'
    s: Tag Team Match
- - '[David Oliwa](@/w/david-oliwa.md)'
  - '[Eryk Lesak](@/w/eryk-lesak.md)'
- - '[Greg](@/w/greg.md)(c)'
  - Shigehiro Irie
  - c: '[KPW Championship](@/c/kpw-championship.md)'
- credits:
    Referee: '[Krystian Czekaj](@/w/krystian-czekaj.md)'
    Ring announcer: '[Kinga Miotke](@/w/kinga-miotke.md)'
    Commentary: '[Krystian Czekaj](@/w/krystian-czekaj.md)'
{% end %}

### Recap

* Although featured on the poster, [Filip Fux](@/w/filip-fux.md) was unable to make an appearance at the show due to personal reasons.
* Chemik was unable to score a win, and must keep his celibacy. Since taking his vow at [Arena 17](@/e/kpw/2021-08-21-kpw-arena-17.md),
he scored one singles win against Piotr Opolski at [Arena 18](@/e/kpw/2022-03-18-kpw-arena-18.md),
and one as a team with Lesak at the [Tattoo Konwent](@/e/kpw/2022-07-30-kpw-tattoo-konwent-2022.md).
* Rosetti managed to keep his belt in a double countout when the fight spilled outside the ring, a decision that left many fans puzzled. As a champion, he hasn't scored a single win defending the belt.
* The German tag team managed to hold on to their championship. Post-match, they kept punishing their opponents, who were saved by Michał Fux. Then Chemik arrived and sided with the Germans. Then we saw a surprise return of the British Bouncer Club ([Dom Taylor](@/w/dom-taylor.md) and [Lee Rogers](@/w/lee-rogers.md)), who initially confronted the heels, but it didn't take them long to join the trio and attack Michał, Leon and Zefir. A brutal beatdown ensued, which included each of the faces being painfully thrown into thumbtacks.
* David Oliwa was dead set on pruning the Gregorian Branch after dispatching Chemik on the previous event. Lesak also had no chances against his more experienced rival.

## References

* [Cagematch event page](https://www.cagematch.net/?id=1&nr=360867)
* [Full event on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QXtSn3Qlwlg)
* [KPW's event page](https://kpwrestling.pl/events/kpw-arena-21/)

[promo-chemika]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yPeh98qc6YA
[jaruzel]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7MHPrdAbse0
