+++
title = "KPW @ Pyrkon 2024"
template = "event_page.html"
authors = ["M3n747", "Krzysztof Zych"]
[taxonomies]
chronology = ["kpw", "pyrkon", "poznan-fair"]
venue = ["targi-poznan"]
[extra]
city = "Poznań"
toclevel = 2
has_video = false
[extra.gallery]
1 = { path = "2024-06-15-kpw-pyrkon-2024-plakat.jpg", caption = "Official poster, showing [Leon Lato](@/w/leon-lato.md), Louis Basham, [Chemik](@/w/chemik.md), [Greg](@/w/greg.md), [Zefir](@/w/zefir.md), [Michał Fux](@/w/michal-fux.md), [Filip Fux](@/w/filip-fux.md), [Fynn Freyhart](@/w/fynn-freyhart.md), [Hans Schulte](@/w/hans-schulte.md), [Veit Müller](@/w/veit-mueller.md), Pahlevan Nima, [Eryk Lesak](@/w/eryk-lesak.md) and [Rosetti](@/w/rosetti.md).", source = "kpwrestling.pl / Official KPW Facebook" }
+++

[Pyrkon][pyrkon] is an annual fan convention, the biggest of its kind in Poland, and one of the biggest in Europe. Having started as a fantasy/sci-fi convention, it grew over the years to include RPGs, LARPs, anime, cosplays, comics, board games, video games, and many other pop culture interests. The first one was held in 2000 in an elementary school in Poznań, and as the event grew, it finally moved to the International Trade Fair grounds. Attenance at the 2024 edition was over 57 thousand visitors over three days.

Like in the previous two years, one of the Saturday attractions was a KPW show. Once again, it was well received by the fans, and gathered a huge crowd.

This event saw a new foreign guest, Pahlevan Nima, an Iranian wrestler from Germany, and the return of Die Ordnung ([Hans Schulte](@/w/hans-schulte.md) & [Veit Müller](@/w/veit-mueller.md)), last seen when they lost their Tag Team belts at [Godzina Zero 2023](@/e/kpw/2023-08-18-kpw-godzina-zero-2023.md). They faced the Fux Brothers again, this time in a non-title match.

In [his video][malinowski-video], Chairman Malinowski announced that Greg would face off against Fynn Freyhart at Pyrkon. Should he win, he will be granted a match against the reigning KPW Champion, Red Scorpion.

## Card

{% card() %}
- - '[Louis Basham](@/w/louis-basham.md)'
  - '[Rosetti](@/w/rosetti.md)'
- - '[Eryk Lesak](@/w/eryk-lesak.md)'
  - '[Leon Lato](@/w/leon-lato.md)'
  - 'Pahlevan Nima'
  - s: Three Way Match
- - '[Chemik](@/w/chemik.md)'
  - '[Zefir](@/w/zefir.md)'
- - '[Fynn Freyhart](@/w/fynn-freyhart.md)'
  - '[Greg](@/w/greg.md)'
- - '[Bracia Fux](@/tt/bracia-fux.md): [Michał Fux](@/w/michal-fux.md) & [Filip Fux](@/w/filip-fux.md)'
  - '[Die Ordnung](@/tt/die-ordnung.md): [Veit Müller](@/w/veit-mueller.md) & [Hans Schulte](@/w/hans-schulte.md)'
  - s: Non-Title Tag Team Match
- credits:
    Referee: '[Krystian Czekaj](@/w/krystian-czekaj.md)'
    Ring announcer: '[Kinga Miotke](@/w/kinga-miotke.md)'
{% end %}

### Aftermath

* Greg lost to Freyhart leaving the main event of [Godzina Zero 2024](@/e/kpw/2024-09-07-kpw-godzina-zero-2024.md) unknown for the time being.

## References

* [Cagematch event page](https://www.cagematch.net/?id=1&nr=397160)

[pyrkon]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pyrkon
[malinowski-video]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dZ1HmSC_iqs
