+++
title = "KPW Arena 24: Zagrożenie Lawinowe"
template = "event_page.html"
authors = ["Krzysztof Zych", "M3n747"]
aliases = ["/e/kpw/2024-02-16-kpw-arena-24-zagrozenie-lawinowe"]
[taxonomies]
chronology = ["kpw", "arena"]
venue=["nowy-harem"]
[extra]
city = "Gdynia"
toclevel = 2
[extra.gallery]
+++

Zagrożenie Lawinowe (_Avalanche Warning_) was an event by [KPW](@/o/kpw.md), held in [Klub Nowy Harem](@/v/atlantic-nh-gdynia.md) in Gdynia, on February 16, 2023.
The event's name refers to the nickname of WxW wrestler Robert "The Avalanche" Dreissker, who appeared at the show. Besides Dreissker, and KPW regular [Darius](@/w/darius.md), the event featured one new foreign guest: British wrestler Tommy Kyle.

## Storylines

* In [Chemik's promo][chemik-promo], he walks out of the Gdynia City Hall and claims that he's been working with a group of historians to discover the truth about the Fux Brothers. This research has proven successful, and he has a briefcase of his own, with documents that will bury the brothers once and for all.
* Leon Lato is on the rise after an excellent fight at the previous event, almost grabbing the KPW Championship from Red Scorpion. [David Oliwa](@/w/david-oliwa.md) is on a losing streak, and not his usual happy self. Both have something to prove.
* [Greg](@/w/greg.md) needs to show he's ready to reclaim the KPW Championship, by facing the well-traveled veteran Dreissker.
* At Arena 23, a post-match brawl occured involving the Gregorian Branch faction against the Fux Brothers, [Leon Lato](@/w/leon-lato.md), [Zefir](@/w/zefir.md) and others. [Chemik](@/w/chemik.md) challenged the brothers to defend their belts, and Chairman Krystian Malinowski quickly sanctioned the match.
* More than a year prior, Darius defeated three other opponents for a shot at the KPW OldTown Championship. At Arena 20 [Rosetti](@/w/rosetti.md) refused to fight Darius and left just after the opening bell, however soon afterwards Leon Lato stepped in to face Darius in a singles match which he lost, thus giving Darius a shot at the title.

## Card

{% card() %}
- - '[Zefir](@/w/zefir.md)'
  - 'Tommy Kyle'
- - '[Leon Lato](@/w/leon-lato.md)'
  - '[David Oliwa](@/w/david-oliwa.md)'
- - 'Robert Dreissker'
  - '[Greg](@/w/greg.md)'
- - '[Rosetti](@/w/rosetti.md)(c)'
  - '[Darius](@/w/darius.md)'
  - c: '[KPW OldTown Championship](@/c/kpw-old-town-championship.md)'
- - '[Bracia Fux](@/tt/bracia-fux.md): [Filip Fux](@/w/filip-fux.md) & [Michał Fux](@/w/michal-fux.md)(c)'
  - '[Gałąź Gregoriańska](@/tt/galaz-gregorianska.md): [Chemik](@/w/chemik.md) & [Eryk Lesak](@/w/eryk-lesak.md)'
  - s: Tag Team Match
    c: '[KPW Tag Team Championship](@/c/kpw-tag-team-championship.md)'
- credits:
    Referee: '[Krystian Czekaj](@/w/krystian-czekaj.md)'
    Ring announcer: '[Kinga Miotke](@/w/kinga-miotke.md)'
    Commentary: '[Krystian Czekaj](@/w/krystian-czekaj.md)'
{% end %}

### Recap

* Before the show started, Referee Krystian Czekaj entered the ring, and complained about the referee's job being difficult and underpaid. He removed his jacket to reveal his own new T-Shirt that read "Sędzia Chuj" (literally: _Referee Dick_), a very crude but popular [chant](@/a/polish-wrestling-chants.md) used by Polish fans when the referee commits some grave error or oversight.
* [David Oliwa](@/w/david-oliwa.md), now fully heel, cut a promo talking about how he never missed a single Arena show, being the workhorse of KPW, and not getting due respect from some upstarts like Leon Lato.
* [Greg](@/w/greg.md) entered in his white papal robes, but with no escort from his faction. One of the fans initially appeared to bow to him and perform a kiss on Greg's signet ring, only to turn and flip both middle fingers at Greg. The self-proclaimed Pope delivered a Nipple Twister early on, and later tried using his regular tricks to no avail. He was unable to overpower the massive, 140-kg Dreissker.
* Before the main event, both teams talked trash each other. [Chemik](@/w/chemik.md) claimed that the Fux Brothers' grandfather served in Wehrmacht (referencing an actual Polish [political controversy][jozef-tusk], altough now dated), and showed a sepia photo of a person in a German WW2 uniform, who vaguely resembled Michał Fux. Afterwards he read, in broken German, a letter from said grandfather, who declared his dislike of Poland, and swore allegiance to the Führer.
* Not to be outdone, the brothers showed a photo featuring a younger Chemik, [Piękny Kawaler](@/w/piekny-kawaler.md) and [Greg](@/w/greg.md), in front of a graffiti sign that read "WHITE BOYS", and a Celtic Cross between the words. This symbol is often used by white supremacists. Chemik initially stood turned back to the big screen, and while Fux Brothers and the audience chanted for him to turn around, Lesak covered Chemik's ears. Finally he did turn around, and on seeing the photo, tried to explain that it was made in jest. Interestingly, according to Chemik, the photo was shot at the infamous unfinished [Łapalice Castle][castle-atlasobscura] in Kashubia.
* Lesak bled visibly during the match, possibly from a broken nose.
* After the match, per the stipulation, Chemik had his mustache shaved. However, rather than shave it clean, the Fux Brothers shaved it down, and, using a marker pen, drew a toothbrush-style mustache, resembling that of the Führer's.

## References

* [Cagematch event page](https://www.cagematch.net/?id=1&nr=386714)
* [KPW's event page](https://kpwrestling.pl/events/kpw-arena-24/)
* [Facebook event page](https://www.facebook.com/events/1534607143966408)
* [Facebook results post](https://www.facebook.com/kpwrestling/posts/pfbid0ZkugmbnioRv6wGJfMuscHKjE7KUiPxe76oXmPZLJCq2QsKnJHG4NKaerQjAe4nRsl)

[chemik-promo]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8vO_52VRL74
[castle-wiki]: https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Castle_in_%C5%81apalice_-_panoramio_(1).jpg
[castle-atlasobscura]: https://www.atlasobscura.com/places/lapalice-castle
[jozef-tusk]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Józef_Tusk
