+++
title = "KPW Arena 26: Wyścig"
template = "event_page.html"
authors = ["M3n747"]
[taxonomies]
chronology = ["kpw", "arena"]
venue=["nowy-harem"]
[extra]
city = "Gdynia"
toclevel = 2
[extra.gallery]
manifest = "@/e/kpw/2024-11-15-kpw-arena-26-gallery.toml"
+++

"Wyścig" (_The Race_) was a show by [Kombat Pro Wrestling](@/o/kpw.md) that saw the promotion return to [Nowy Harem](@/v/atlantic-nh-gdynia.md) after a brief change of venue for [Godzina Zero 2024](@/e/kpw/2024-09-07-kpw-godzina-zero-2024.md). This is the first KPW event not to feature [Zefir](@/w/zefir.md) on the card since his debut at [Arena 17](@/e/kpw/2021-08-21-kpw-arena-17.md).

## Card

{% card() %}
- - '[Filip Fux](@/w/filip-fux.md)'
  - '[Eryk Lesak](@/w/eryk-lesak.md)'
  - s: '[KPW Championship](@/c/kpw-championship.md) Contendership Qualifying Match'
- - '[David Oliwa](@/w/david-oliwa.md)'
  - '[Leon Lato](@/w/leon-lato.md)'
  - s: '[KPW Championship](@/c/kpw-championship.md) Contendership Qualifying Match'
- - '[Rosetti](@/w/rosetti.md)'
  - '[Greg](@/w/greg.md)'
  - s: '[KPW Championship](@/c/kpw-championship.md) Contendership Qualifying Match'
    nc: Double Count Out
- - '[Michał Fux](@/w/michal-fux.md)'
  - '[Chemik](@/w/chemik.md)'
  - s: '[KPW Championship](@/c/kpw-championship.md) Contendership Qualifying Match'
- - '[Hans Schulte](@/w/hans-schulte.md)(c)'
  - '[Red Scorpion](@/w/red-scorpion.md)'
  - c: '[KPW Championship](@/c/kpw-championship.md)'
- credits:
    Referee: '[Krystian Czekaj](@/w/krystian-czekaj.md)'
    Ring announcer: '[Kinga Miotke](@/w/kinga-miotke.md)'
    Commentary: '[Krystian Czekaj](@/w/krystian-czekaj.md)'
{% end %}

Attendance: ca. 280 (source: Cagematch)

### Recap

* During the pre-match patdown, referee [Krystian Czekaj](@/w/krystian-czekaj.md) found two illegal objects inside [David Oliwa's](@/w/david-oliwa.md) boots: a fork in one shoe, and a spoon in the other.
* [Rosetti](@/w/rosetti.md) and [Greg](@/w/greg.md) were both counted out outside of the ring, but still kept brawling after the bell. The brawl included some foreign objects, such as a steel chair and a kendo stick, both used by Greg. When the two wrestlers wouldn't stop fighting for a prolonged time, chairman [Krystian Malinowski](@/w/krystian-malinowski.md) came out and declared that both Greg and Rosetti are hereby disqualified from the tournament.
* Following the above statement, Malinowski said that he has a very important announcement regarding the future of KPW. Before he could elaborate, however, he was suddenly attacked with a glass bottle to the side of his head by a mysterious figure who promptly ran away, leaving the chairmain in need of medical assistance. He was carried out on a stretcher by medical personnel and, as stated by [Kinga Miotke](@/w/kinga-miotke.md) after the break, he was transported to a hospital.
* After the main event ended, [Rosetti](@/w/rosetti.md) came out and informed the audience that Malinowski's condition is stable, but his exact state is currently unknown. He that stated that given the situation, Malinowski had officially made Rosetti the acting chairman of KPW.

## References

* [Cagematch event page](https://www.cagematch.net/?id=1&nr=409399)
* [Video: The race begins!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SV6nnBFO3Iw) - [Krystian Malinowski](@/w/krystian-malinowski.md) announces the tournament
* [Facebook post](//www.facebook.com/kpwrestling/posts/pfbid0DxPE7VFMRbyy7C6ozxHt23k5qKBLW6pRNuqSGMywWGWqvt8HnFowRf4LkrnHENoQl) announcing Greg vs Rosetti
* [Facebook post](//www.facebook.com/kpwrestling/posts/pfbid0MBkW5jRvN3Jn6Q9jTSiHTnWvWsVi8jrzHx98PoYZQxTauskKA4mpAta4MF9M4Yg8l) announcing Lesak vs Filip
