+++
title = "KPW @ Pyrkon 2025"
template = "event_page.html"
authors = ["M3n747", "Ville Paananen"]
[taxonomies]
chronology = ["kpw", "pyrkon", "poznan-fair"]
venue = ["targi-poznan"]
[extra]
city = "Poznań"
toclevel = 2
[extra.gallery]
manifest = "@/e/kpw/2025-06-14-kpw-pyrkon-2025-gallery.toml"
+++

[Pyrkon][pyrkon] is an annual fan convention, the biggest of its kind in Poland, and one of the biggest in Europe. Having started as a fantasy/sci-fi convention, it grew over the years to include RPGs, LARPs, anime, cosplays, comics, board games, video games, and many other pop culture interests. The first one was held in 2000 in an elementary school in Poznań, and as the event grew, it finally moved to the International Trade Fair grounds.

Like in the previous three years, one of the Saturday attractions was a KPW show.

## Card

{% card() %}
- - '[Darius](@/w/darius.md)'
  - '[David Oliwa](@/w/david-oliwa.md)'
- - '[Leon Lato](@/w/leon-lato.md)'
  - '[Callum Beck](@/w/callum-beck.md)'
- - '[Tomczak](@/w/tomczak.md)'
  - '[Eryk Lesak](@/w/eryk-lesak.md)'
  - '[Greg](@/w/greg.md)'
  - '[Ricky Sky](@/w/ricky-sky.md)'
  - s: Four-Way Match
- - '[Zefir](@/w/zefir.md)'
  - '[Lukáš Mottl](@/w/skull-evil.md)'
  - s: Hardcore Match
- - '[Chemik](@/w/chemik.md)'
  - '[Filip Fux](@/w/filip-fux.md)'
  - '[Michał Fux](@/w/michal-fux.md)'
  - '[Hans Schulte](@/w/hans-schulte.md)'
  - g: Chemik insults the audience, Bracia Fux trash-talk Chemik, Schulte challenges for the [KPW Tag Team Championships](@/c/kpw-tag-team-championship.md).
- - '[Bracia Fux](@/tt/bracia-fux.md): [Filip Fux](@/w/filip-fux.md) & [Michał Fux](@/w/michal-fux.md)(c)'
  - '[Chemik](@/w/chemik.md) & [Hans Schulte](@/w/hans-schulte.md)'
  - s: Tag Team Match
    c: '[KPW Tag Team Championship](@/c/kpw-tag-team-championship.md)'
- - '[Leon Lato](@/w/leon-lato.md)'
  - '[Bracia Fux](@/tt/bracia-fux.md): [Filip Fux](@/w/filip-fux.md), [Michał Fux](@/w/michal-fux.md)'
  - '[Callum Beck](@/w/callum-beck.md)'
  - '[Chemik](@/w/chemik.md)'
  - '[Darius](@/w/darius.md)'
  - '[David Oliwa](@/w/david-oliwa.md)'
  - '[Eryk Lesak](@/w/eryk-lesak.md)'
  - '[Greg](@/w/greg.md)'
  - '[Hans Schulte](@/w/hans-schulte.md)'
  - '[Lukáš Mottl](@/w/skull-evil.md)'
  - '[Ricky Sky](@/w/ricky-sky.md)'
  - '[Tomczak](@/w/tomczak.md)'
  - '[Zefir](@/w/zefir.md)'
  - g: Post-match multi-man mayhem
- credits:
    Referee: '[Krystian Czekaj](@/w/krystian-czekaj.md)'
    Ring announcer: '[Kinga Miotke](@/w/kinga-miotke.md)'
    Technical referee: '[Rosetti](@/w/rosetti.md)'
{% end %}

### Recap

* This show marked Zefir's first hardcore match.
* Skull Evil appeared under his real-life name, Lukáš Mottl. This was also his KPW debut.
* David Oliwa, Ricky Sky and Lukáš Mottl wore the matching ring gear they use in Austria as [Team Visegrad](@/tt/team-visegrad.md).
* Following the Tag-Team Match, David Oliwa, Ricky Sky and Lukáš Mottl attacked Bracia Fux. After that everyone else who'd appeared at the show ran into the ring and a huge brawl began. In the end, Leon Lato was the last man standing.

## References

* [Cagematch event page](https://www.cagematch.net/?id=1&nr=427941)
* [Video: final minutes of the show](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2SmNjLSXjfA)
* [Photos from the event on KPW's Facebook page](https://www.facebook.com/media/set/?vanity=kpwrestling&set=a.1044652811127291)

[pyrkon]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pyrkon
