+++
title = "KPW Arena 27: Nowe Porządki"
template = "event_page.html"
authors = ["M3n747", "Krzysztof Zych"]
[taxonomies]
chronology = ["kpw", "arena"]
venue=["nowy-harem"]
[extra]
city = "Gdynia"
toclevel = 2
[extra.gallery]
manifest = "@/e/kpw/2025-01-24-kpw-arena-27-gallery.toml"
+++

"Nowe Porządki" (_A New Order_) was an event by [Kombat Pro Wrestling](@/o/kpw.md), held on Friday, January 24 2025 in [Nowy Harem](@/v/atlantic-nh-gdynia.md). For the first time since [Leon Lato's](@/w/leon-lato.md) debut in 2022, fans saw a new Polish wrestler join the KPW roster. Two new international wrestlers also made their KPW debut at this show - Michael Schenkenberg from Germany, and a young British wrestler, Callum Beck.

## Build-up

* During the previous show, [Chairman Malinowski](@/w/krystian-malinowski.md) was assaulted by an unknown attacker, and carried out of the venue on a stretcher. According to [Rosetti](@/w/rosetti.md), Malinowski named him acting chairman.
  On 6.01.2025 KPW released a [video][boss-rosetti], in which Rosetti announced that Malinowski "has vanished from the face of the Earth", so he's taking matters into his own hands for the good of KPW.
* Rosetti then stated that the upcoming event would see many changes, the continuation of the tournament started at [Arena 26](@/e/kpw/2024-11-15-kpw-arena-26.md) and the debut of a Polish wrestler.
* This wrestler was later revealed to be [Tomczak](@/w/tomczak.md) (stylized in all-caps as TOMCZAK), one of KPW dojo trainees. As an unnamed "Bodyguard", he already stepped into the ring at [Pyrkon 2023](@/e/kpw/2023-06-17-kpw-pyrkon-2023.md), teaming with [Chemik](@/w/chemik.md) against the Fux Brothers. His [vignette][tomczak-intro] strongly resembles [Moloch's](@/w/moloch.md), and the character is also portrayed as a tall, mask-wearing monster.
* Initially this event was supposed to see the tournament semi-finals, however since only three people qualified, acting chairman Rosetti [decided][rosetti-finals] that the finalist would be determined in a three-way match.

## Card

{% card() %}
- - '[Eryk Lesak](@/w/eryk-lesak.md)'
  - '[Leon Lato](@/w/leon-lato.md)'
- - '[Zefir](@/w/zefir.md)'
  - 'Callum Beck'
- - '[Michał Fux](@/w/michal-fux.md)'
  - '[Filip Fux](@/w/filip-fux.md)'
  - '[David Oliwa](@/w/david-oliwa.md)'
  - s: '[KPW Championship](@/c/kpw-championship.md) Contendership Final 3-Way Match'
- - '[Tomczak](@/w/tomczak.md)'
  - '[Greg](@/w/greg.md)'
  - n: Originally billed as a handicap match, with Tomczak and Rosetti teaming up.
- - '[Chemik](@/w/chemik.md)(c)'
  - 'Michael Schenkenberg'
  - s: '[KPW OldTown Championship](@/c/kpw-old-town-championship.md)'
- credits:
    Referee: '[Sędzia Kinga](@/w/kinga-miotke.md)'
    Technical Referee: '[Krystian Czekaj](@/w/krystian-czekaj.md)'
    Special Guest Referee: '[Rosetti](@/w/rosetti.md)'
    Ring announcer: '[Piotr Opolski](@/w/piotr-opolski.md)'
    Commentary: '[Krystian Czekaj](@/w/krystian-czekaj.md)'
{% end %}

### Recap

* The show opened with [Rosetti](@/w/rosetti.md) coming out to the ring and announcing that, as promised, there would be some changes. To start with, out of concern for the safety of the fans, [Zefir](@/w/zefir.md) was banned from making his usual fire-breathing entrance. This was met by a strong negative reaction from the crowd.
* According to Rosetti, the federation listens to the fans' feedback, and will implement changes to accomodate their wishes. Since the fans [often chant](@/a/polish-wrestling-chants.md) "sędzia chuj" (_referee is a dick_), Rosetti decided to relegate [Krystian Czekaj](@/w/krystian-czekaj.md) to the role of a technical referee and give the main referee duty over to [Sędzia Kinga](@/w/kinga-miotke.md).
* Next, Rosetti announced the return of the "prodigal son" - [Piotr Opolski](@/w/piotr-opolski.md), last seen at [Arena 19](@/e/kpw/2022-06-10-kpw-arena-19.md). Opol would replace Kinga as the ring announcer.
* At one point in his fight, Callum Beck turned Zefir's masked front-to-back, _Exorcist_-style.
* Greg vs Tomczak was originally announced as a Handicap Match, with Rosetti teaming up with the debutant. However, Rosetti stated that he didn't realise putting a show together requires so much work, and removed himself from the match, which became a Singles Match instead. Rosetti stayed at ringside closely observing the action from ringside to ensure it's a fair fight (although he may have blurted out his real reasons: to make his [former leader](@/w/greg.md) lose).
* The fight started out normally, although Greg - dwarfed by the monster Tomczak - quickly started receiving babyface pop. After several minutes both wrestlers were outside of the ring, close to being counted out by Kinga. Rosetti interrupted and declared that from this moment on, there would be no count-outs in this fight.
* A few minutes later Rosetti gave Tomczak a kendo stick and changed the rules yet again, to a no-DQ match.
* Later still, Rosetti decided he was fed up with Kinga's inept refereeing, threw her out and inserted himself as a Special Guest Referee, counting Greg's pin attempts very slowly.
* After the main event, Chemik cut a promo hyping himself up as the best champion in KPW. Suddenly Filip Fux came out and challenged Chemik for the [KPW OldTown Championship](@/c/kpw-old-town-championship.md), which Chemik refused. Filip then proceeded to list a number of reasons why Chemik is always the second best, finally enraging the champion by calling him "his own girlfriend's second favourite wrestler". The situation was eventually defused by Rosetti coming out of the backstage to announce a Street Fight between the two at the [next show](@/e/kpw/2025-04-11-kpw-arena-28.md).
* Present in the audience was [Arek Paterek](@/w/arek-paterek.md) wearing a [Legacy of Wrestling](@/o/low.md) T-shirt. The official video - aired on Extreme Sports Channel - shows him arguing with Chemik, while the commentary clearly name-drops Legacy.
* Present on the backstage was [Bianca](@/w/bianca.md), last seen in the ring at [Arena 16](@/e/kpw/2020-02-01-kpw-arena-16.md).

## References

* [Cagematch event page](https://www.cagematch.net/?id=1&nr=418046)

[boss-rosetti]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dUr5kiuQclg
[rosetti-finals]: https://www.facebook.com/photo/?fbid=925832966342610&set=a.517136233878954
[tomczak-intro]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SOQpAoISP0s
