+++
title = "KPW Arena 29: Czas Antenowy"
template = "event_page.html"
authors = ["M3n747"]
[taxonomies]
chronology = ["kpw", "arena"]
venue=["nowy-harem"]
[extra]
city = "Gdynia"
toclevel = 2
has_video = false
[extra.gallery]
manifest = "@/e/kpw/2025-06-20-kpw-arena-29-gallery.toml"
+++

KPW Arena 29: Czas Antenowy (_Airtime_) was a show by [Kombat Pro Wrestling](@/o/kpw.md). It was [announced][rosetti-zapowiada] a week before [Arena 28](@/e/kpw/2025-04-11-kpw-arena-28.md).

## Build-up

* At [Arena 28](@/e/kpw/2025-04-11-kpw-arena-28.md), the returning chairman [Krystian Malinowski](@/w/krystian-malinowski.md) announced a match between [Zefir](@/w/zefir.md) and [Veit Müller](@/w/veit-mueller.md); if Zefir wins, he'll get a shot for the [KPW Championship](@/c/kpw-championship.md) at Godzina Zero 2025.
* On 7.05.2025 KPW posted an image of an empty card with eight slots, accompanied by a numbered list of 1-8, implying eight matches (although some of the items on the list might be non-fight segments).
* The show will notably see the return of [Veit Müller](@/w/veit-mueller.md), last seen at [Pyrkon 2024](@/e/kpw/2024-06-15-kpw-pyrkon-2024.md), as well as the debut of a new tag team from Austria: Tribe of Wrath, made up of Barbarossa and Curtis Black.
* On 5.06.2025 KPW published an image announcing [Krystian Malinowski's](@/w/krystian-malinowski.md) investigation into the attack on him at [Arena 26](@/e/kpw/2024-11-15-kpw-arena-26.md).
* On 8.06.2025 KPW's social media announced [Chemik](@/w/chemik.md) vs Italian-born, Hamburg-based wrestler Luca de Leone.
* On 11.06.2025 KPW oficially confirmed Zefir vs Veit Müller for the show.
* On 16.06.2025 KPW announced another debut: Nathan Angel from England, set to face the reigning champion Hans Schulte for the [KPW Championship](@/c/kpw-championship.md).

## Card

{% card() %}
- - '[Chemik](@/w/chemik.md)(c)'
  - 'Luca De Leone'
  - c: '[KPW OldTown Championship](@/c/kpw-old-town-championship.md)'
- - '[Greg](@/w/greg.md)'
  - '[David Oliwa](@/w/david-oliwa.md)'
  - nc: Draw
- - '[Flexos](@/w/flexos.md)'
  - '[Eryk Lesak](@/w/eryk-lesak.md)'
- - '[Bracia Fux](@/tt/bracia-fux.md): [Filip Fux](@/w/filip-fux.md) & [Michał Fux](@/w/michal-fux.md)(c)'
  - 'Tribe of Wrath: Barbarossa & Curtis Black'
  - c: '[KPW Tag Team Championship](@/c/kpw-tag-team-championship.md)'
    s: Tag Team Match
- - '[Krystian Malinowski](@/w/krystian-malinowski.md)'
  - g: "Malinowski's investigation"
- - '[Leon Lato](@/w/leon-lato.md)'
  - '[Tomczak](@/w/tomczak.md)'
  - r: Count-Out
- - '[Zefir](@/w/zefir.md)'
  - '[Veit Müller](@/w/veit-mueller.md)'
- - '[Hans Schulte](@/w/hans-schulte.md)(c)'
  - 'Nathan Angel'
  - c: '[KPW Championship](@/c/kpw-championship.md)'
- credits:
    Referee: '[Krystian Czekaj](@/w/krystian-czekaj.md)'
    Ring announcer: '[Kinga Miotke](@/w/kinga-miotke.md)'
{% end %}

Attendance: ca. 290 (source: Cagematch)

### Recap
* Greg vs Oliwa ended in a draw, with one wrestler tapping out and the other being counted out at the same time.
* Malinowski's list of suspects in the case of the attack on his life included [the Fux Brothers](@/tt/bracia-fux.md), [Kamil Aleksander](@/w/kamil-aleksander.md), [Chemik](@/w/chemik.md), [Greg](@/w/greg.md), [Rosetti](@/w/rosetti.md), [Triple H][tryplak], the audience and [Zefir](@/w/zefir.md).
* [Leon Lato](@/w/leon-lato.md) chained [Tomczak](@/w/tomczak.md) to a ring post and casually waited in a corner for his opponent to be counted out. Tomczak was later freed by a KPW crew member, only to attack him for his trouble.
* His victory earned Leon Lato a title shot for the [KPW OldTown Championship](@/c/kpw-old-town-championship.md) at Godzina Zero 2025, as [announced by Krystian Malinowski][leon-ot] prior to the show.

## References

* [Cagematch event page](https://www.cagematch.net/?id=1&nr=425352)

[rosetti-zapowiada]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sIOJf0CuMXk
[tryplak]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Triple_H
[leon-ot]: https://www.facebook.com/kpwrestling/videos/1032258822347201
