+++
title = "KPW Arena 28: Zły Omen"
template = "event_page.html"
authors = ["M3n747", "Krzysztof Zych"]
[taxonomies]
chronology = ["kpw", "arena"]
venue=["nowy-harem"]
[extra]
city = "Gdynia"
toclevel = 2
[extra.gallery]
manifest = "@/e/kpw/2025-04-11-kpw-arena-28-gallery.toml"
+++

KPW Arena 28: Zły Omen (_Bad Omen_, or _Evil Omen_) was a show by [Kombat Pro Wrestling](@/o/kpw.md). This was the third Arena - after [Arena&nbsp;V](@/e/kpw/2017-01-14-kpw-arena-v.md) and [Arena X](@/e/kpw/2018-05-26-kpw-arena-x.md) - to use a Roman numeral (albeit only on the poster, whereas the other two also used them in the names of their respective Facebook events).

This show featured two championship fights - a Street Fight between [Chemik](@/w/chemik.md) and [Filip Fux](@/w/filip-fux.md) for the [KPW OldTown Championship](@/c/kpw-old-town-championship.md), and [Hans Schulte](@/w/hans-schulte.md) vs [Michał Fux](@/w/michal-fux.md) (the winner of the #1 Contendership Tournament at the [previous show](@/e/kpw/2025-01-24-kpw-arena-27.md)) for the [KPW Championship](@/c/kpw-championship.md).

## Build-up

* On 4.04.2025 KPW [released a video][rosetti-zapowiada] in which the acting chairman [Rosetti](@/w/rosetti.md) stated that the promotion needs a full-time leader, and since [Krystian Malinowski](@/w/krystian-malinowski.md) still shows no signs of life, a new KPW chairman will be sworn in at the show (strongly implying himself; later officially confirmed).
* In the same video, Rosetti also announced the date of [Arena 29](@/e/kpw/2025-06-20-kpw-arena-29.md).

## Card

{% card() %}
- - '[Greg](@/w/greg.md)'
  - '[Eryk Lesak](@/w/eryk-lesak.md)'
- - '[Zefir](@/w/zefir.md)'
  - '[Leon Lato](@/w/leon-lato.md)'
  - '[Tomczak](@/w/tomczak.md)'
  - s: Three-Way Match
- - '[Chemik](@/w/chemik.md)(c)'
  - '[Filip Fux](@/w/filip-fux.md)'
  - c: '[KPW OldTown Championship](@/c/kpw-old-town-championship.md)'
    s: 'Street Fight'
- - '[David Oliwa](@/w/david-oliwa.md)'
  - 'Toby St. John'
- - '[Rosetti](@/w/rosetti.md)'
  - '[Filip Fux](@/w/filip-fux.md)'
  - '[Tomczak](@/w/tomczak.md)'
  - '[Chemik](@/w/chemik.md)'
  - '[Eryk Lesak](@/w/eryk-lesak.md)'
  - '[Zefir](@/w/zefir.md)'
  - '[Greg](@/w/greg.md)'
  - '[Leon Lato](@/w/leon-lato.md)'
  - '[Piotr Opolski](@/w/piotr-opolski.md)'
  - '[Sędzia Kinga](@/w/kinga-miotke.md)'
  - '[Krystian Malinowski](@/w/krystian-malinowski.md)'
  - g: Induction of the new KPW chairman
- - '[Hans Schulte](@/w/hans-schulte.md)(c)'
  - '[Michał Fux](@/w/michal-fux.md)'
  - c: '[KPW Championship](@/c/kpw-championship.md)'
- credits:
    Referee: '[Sędzia Kinga](@/w/kinga-miotke.md)'
    Technical Referee: '[Krystian Czekaj](@/w/krystian-czekaj.md)'
    Ring announcer: '[Piotr Opolski](@/w/piotr-opolski.md)'
    Commentary: '[Krystian Czekaj](@/w/krystian-czekaj.md), [Rosetti](@/w/rosetti.md)'
    Narrator: '[Piękny Kawaler](@/w/piekny-kawaler.md)'
{% end %}

Attendance: ca. 300 (source: Cagematch)

### Recap

* Like the [last time](@/e/kpw/2025-01-24-kpw-arena-27.md), the show was hosted by [Piotr Opolski](@/w/piotr-opolski.md) and refereed by [Kinga Miotke](@/w/kinga-miotke.md).
* Piotr Opolski came out to Kinga's usual theme song, "Stand or Fall" by Bonfire.
* As Piotr Opolski was opening the show, the crowd quickly got bored with his speech and started booing him. After a while [Rosetti](@/w/rosetti.md) came out of the backstage, took the microphone and in a few short words declared the show open.
* During his entrance and later during the fight, [Greg](@/w/greg.md) was receiving a lot of babyface pop.
* [Eryk Lesak](@/w/eryk-lesak.md) came out in new ring gear, bearing a new official nickname on the chest: "Polish Tank" (previously sometimes used by [Krystian Czekaj](@/w/krystian-czekaj.md) on his commentary tracks). At one point during the match Greg grabbed Eryk's singlet and pulled it down, exposing Lesak's posterior (much to fans' amusement and applause).
* [Zefir](@/w/zefir.md) was still banned from using fire during his entry routine, a restriction imposed on him at the previous show.
* This being a street fight, [Chemik](@/w/chemik.md) and [Filip Fux](@/w/filip-fux.md) fought in casual attire rather than their usual ring gear.
* Weapons used in the street fight included: several hubcaps, a traffic cone, a garbage bin and lid, a chair, a kendo stick, a "no entry for pedestrians" [B-41 road sign][znaki-drogowe], a scarf of local football club [Arka Gdynia][arka-gdynia-dobrodziejka-wieprzowina], a baseball bat, a length of chain and a trousers belt, which Filip provided on the fly.
* Filip bled profusely during the match leaving plenty of bloodstains on the club's hardwood floor, which proved harder to remove than the ring crew had anticipated.
* Chemik and Filip stole each other's finishing moves.
* After winning his match, Chemik cut a short promo stating that he never wanted to do this to Filip, and blaming Rosetti (for booking the match), Filip (for wanting the fight), Kinga (for not stopping it) and the fans (for cheering).
* For Rosetti's induction as the new chairman, every wrestler except [Michał Fux](@/w/michal-fux.md) and [David Oliwa](@/w/david-oliwa.md) came out to the ring. Filip Fux stood alongside the heels (Chemik, Lesak and Tomczak), whereas Greg sided with the babyfaces (Zefir and Leon Lato).
* Photos of the old and new chairmen were prominently displayed on easels in the ring, Krystian's in black and white. Rosetti delivered a mock funeral speech commemorating his soon-to-be predecessor.
* The induction ceremony, conducted by Piotr Opolski, was suddenly interrupted by the unexpected arrival of [Krystian Malinowski](@/w/krystian-malinowski.md). Malinowski stated that him asking Rosetti to take over the company did happen, but only "in Rosetti's dreams", and that he was disappointed in everybody for being so easily misled by one person.
* Malinowski then reverted Rosetti's decision from the previous show, stating that Zefir is once again allowed to use fire during his entrances from now on (to great crowd pop).
* Lastly, as a punishment for going behind his back, Malinowski ruled that Rosetti is no longer going to be an active wrestler, but instead will become a new commentator.
* After winning his match against Michał Fux, [Hans Schulte](@/w/hans-schulte.md) started kicking his defeated opponent, prompting a reaction from Zefir who jumped at him from the club's mezzanine, like he did at [Arena 18](@/e/kpw/2022-03-18-kpw-arena-18.md).
* Krystian Malinowski then appeared again, and teased Zefir vs Hans Schulte for the Championship title at [Arena 29](@/e/kpw/2025-06-20-kpw-arena-29.md) to great fan reaction - only to retract the offer, declaring Zefir as a prime suspect in the attack that put him out of action at [Arena 26](@/e/kpw/2024-11-15-kpw-arena-26.md). Malinowski followed this by declaring that Zefir would have to defeat [Veit Müller](@/w/veit-mueller.md) (last seen at [Pyrkon 2024](@/e/kpw/2024-06-15-kpw-pyrkon-2024.md)) - if he succeeds, he'll get a title shot at Godzina Zero 2025, regardless of who the reigning champion is.
* This was the first KPW show since [Arena 16](@/e/kpw/2020-02-01-kpw-arena-16.md) to have two commentators.
* Unlike the previous six events, this one was aired on Extreme Sports Channel not as a single show, but instead was split between episodes of Kombat TV. The first episode of KTV had the first two fights and the induction ceremony, resulting in continuity error where Filip Fux had bandaged head seemingly before his fight with Chemik.
* Prior to the induction segment on Kombat TV, there was a brief recap of the events leading to it, narrated by [Piękny Kawaler](@/w/piekny-kawaler.md).

## References

* [Cagematch event page](https://www.cagematch.net/?id=1&nr=419900)
* [Kombat TV episode 1](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WwUCN3i6tCs), featuring Greg vs Lesak, Zefir vs Lato vs Tomczak, and the induction ceremony
* [Kombat TV episode 2](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=meSz43yiVRw), featuring Toby St. John vs David Oliwa and Chemik vs Filip Fux

[rosetti-zapowiada]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sIOJf0CuMXk
[znaki-drogowe]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Road_signs_in_Poland#Prohibitory_signs
[arka-gdynia-dobrodziejka-wieprzowina]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arka_Gdynia
