+++
title = "KPW Arena 31: Made in Poland"
template = "event_page.html"
authors = ["M3n747"]
[taxonomies]
chronology = ["kpw", "arena"]
venue=["nowy-harem"]
[extra]
city = "Gdynia"
toclevel = 2
[extra.gallery]
+++

KPW Arena 31: Made in Poland was a show by [Kombat Pro Wrestling](@/o/kpw.md) that took place the day before [WWE Road to Royal Rumble](@/e/wwe/2026-01-17-wwe-road-to-royal-rumble.md) - which the name of the show is a slight jab at.

Arena 31 was announced around 90 minutes after [PpW](@/o/ppw.md) unveiled [their show](@/e/ppw/2026-01-16-ppw-najlepsza-gala-w-miescie-hardcore-edition.md), also set to take place in Gdynia on the same day.

It is the third KPW Arena, following [Atlantic City](@/e/kpw/2017-01-14-kpw-arena-v.md) and [Capo Di Tutti Capi](@/e/kpw/2019-04-05-kpw-arena-13.md), not to be named in Polish.

## Build-up

* The original poster for the show, featuring [Zefir](@/w/zefir.md) with the [KPW Championship](@/c/kpw-championship.md), was revealed on 3.11.2025. Fans voiced their concerns that the poster spoils the outcome of his match against [Leon Lato](@/w/leon-lato.md) at [Arena XXX](@/e/kpw/2025-11-14-kpw-arena-xxx.md), and some of the wrestlers also expressed their opinions on the matter in their video promos prior to the show. Later, on 21.11, KPW published an updated version of the poster, this time featuring [Krystian Malinowski](@/w/krystian-malinowski.md), owing to Zefir's firing from KPW by Malinowski at the last event.
* The first contender announced for this show was French wrestler Tom LaRuffa, last seen at [Godzina Zero 2018](@/e/kpw/2018-08-11-kpw-godzina-zero-2018.md).
* The first match to be made known was [Filip Fux](@/w/filip-fux.md) vs [Tomczak](@/w/tomczak.md), on 28.12.2025.
* This was followed two days later by an announcement of the first match between [Greg](@/w/greg.md) and [Chemik](@/w/chemik.md), both former members of the [Gregorian Branch](@/tt/galaz-gregorianska.md). 
* On 1.01.2026 KPW published a [video][zyczenia-noworoczne] in which [Krystian Malinowski](@/w/krystian-malinowski.md) stated that the previously announced Tom LaRuffa will face [Hans Schulte](@/w/hans-schulte.md) for the [KPW Championship](@/c/kpw-championship.md) contendership. The match was officially confirmed the next day.
* [Leon Lato's](@/w/leon-lato.md) appearance was announced on 4.01.2026, albeit without a match-up.
* Markus Paskal, who debuted at last year's [Godzina Zero](@/e/kpw/2025-08-22-kpw-godzina-zero-2025.md), was pitted against [Eryk Lesak](@/w/eryk-lesak.md) on 6.01.2026.
* The [KPW Tag Team Champions](@/c/kpw-tag-team-championship.md) [Team Visegrad](@/tt/team-visegrad.md) were announced on 9.01.2026 to make an appearance, but no opponents were mentioned. Instead, the team of [David Oliwa](@/w/david-oliwa.md) & [Lukáš Mottl](@/w/skull-evil.md) will be able to call themselves the undisputed champions if nobody decides to challenge them for their titles. This announcement also recognised Lukáš Mottl as a champion, even though he didn't participate in the victorious match against the [Fux Brothers](@/tt/bracia-fux.md) at [Godzina Zero 2025](@/e/kpw/2025-08-22-kpw-godzina-zero-2025.md). Similarly to [Boro's](@/w/boro.md) recognition as a champion when a part of [PAKA](@/tt/paka.md), this is in accordance with the classic [Freebird Rule][freebird-rule].
* A Hardcore Match between [Michał Fux](@/w/michal-fux.md) and [Ron Corvus](@/w/ron-corvus.md) was announced on 11.01.2026.

## Card

{% card() %}
- - '[Team Visegrad](@/tt/team-visegrad.md): [Lukáš Mottl](@/w/skull-evil.md) & [David Oliwa](@/w/david-oliwa.md)(c)'
  - 'Rookie Two & Rookie Three'
  - c: '[KPW Tag Team Championship](@/c/kpw-tag-team-championship.md)'
    s: Tag Team Match
- - '[Team Visegrad](@/tt/team-visegrad.md): [Lukáš Mottl](@/w/skull-evil.md) & [David Oliwa](@/w/david-oliwa.md)(c)'
  - 'Rookie One & [Leon Lato](@/w/leon-lato.md)'
  - c: '[KPW Tag Team Championship](@/c/kpw-tag-team-championship.md)'
    s: Tag Team Match
- - '[Eryk Lesak](@/w/eryk-lesak.md)'
  - 'Markus Paskal'
- - '[Kamil Aleksander](@/w/kamil-aleksander.md)'
  - 'Markus Paskal'
  - '[Chemik](@/w/chemik.md)'
  - '[Eryk Lesak](@/w/eryk-lesak.md)'
  - g: Kamil Aleksander returns to KPW and aligns himself with Markus Paskal against Chemik and Lesak.
- - '[Tomczak](@/w/tomczak.md)'
  - '[Filip Fux](@/w/filip-fux.md)'
  - s: First Blood Match
- - '[Greg](@/w/greg.md)'
  - '[Chemik](@/w/chemik.md)'
- - '[Krystian Malinowski](@/w/krystian-malinowski.md)'
  - g: "Malinowski reads [Zefir's](@/w/zefir.md) application for reinstatement."
- - '[Michał Fux](@/w/michal-fux.md)'
  - '[Ron Corvus](@/w/ron-corvus.md)'
  - s: Hardcore Match
- - '[Hans Schulte](@/w/hans-schulte.md)'
  - 'Tom LaRuffa'
  - s: '[KPW Championship](@/c/kpw-championship.md) Contendership Match'
- credits:
    Referees: '[Krystian Czekaj](@/w/krystian-czekaj.md), Sędzia Alan'
    Ring announcer: '[Kinga Miotke](@/w/kinga-miotke.md)'
 {% end %}

### Recap
* The first match was supposed to be [Tomczak](@/w/tomczak.md) vs [Filip Fux](@/w/filip-fux.md). After Tomczak entered the ring Filip emerged from below it, steel chair in hand, struck Tomczak in the back with it and promptly followed with a Mother Cutter.
* A brief while later [Krystian Malinowski](@/w/krystian-malinowski.md) came out of the backstage and declared that since Tomczak is now not at his full strength, the fight will take place later and will be a First Blood Match. He then told the security detail - Rookies One, Two and Three - to escort Filip out of the ring.
* [Team Visegrad](@/tt/team-visegrad.md), consisting of [David Oliwa](@/w/david-oliwa.md) and [Lukáš Mottl](@/w/skull-evil.md), came out and cut a promo stating that they're the only Tag Team in KPW and that there's nobody to challenge them. They were then challenged by Rookies Two and Three. Despite putting up a valiant fight, the rookies lost to the reigning champions.
* The champions proceeded to attack the defeated rookies, but were soon chased away by Rookie One carrying a kendo stick. Rookie One was soon thereafter joined in the ring by [Leon Lato](@/w/leon-lato.md) and the impromptu team challenged Team Visegrad for their titles. Oliwa refused to have two fights in a row. Rookie One called Team Visegrad out on being the first ones to beat up inexperienced rookies, but last ones to go against the reigning [KPW OldTown Champion](@/c/kpw-old-town-championship.md), Leon Lato. He then rubbed it in, saying that Oliwa should no longer be called ["facet w gaciach"](@/a/polish-wrestling-chants.md#wrestler-specific) (_guy in undies_) but rather - seeing how he "shat himself with fear" - "kupa w gaciach" (_poop in undies_). The crowd instantly picked up the chant, much to Oliwa's dismay.
* Despite their best efforts, the team of Rookie One & Leon Lato lost the match and Team Visegrad retained their titles for the second time that evening.
* On his way to the ring, [Eryk Lesak](@/w/eryk-lesak.md) insulted and argued with Markus Paskal's mother, sitting in the first row.
* Lesak cut a promo saying that he's a man and Markus Paskal is a little boy, and he - Lesak - "is a man who liked playing with boys". Realising what he'd just said he tried to correct himself - twice - but ended up Freudian slipping even more, much to the crowd's delight.
* The match was refereed by a new official, Sędzia Alan. Immediately after entering the ring he was greeted with ["Sędzia chuj!"](@/a/polish-wrestling-chants.md#referee) chants.
* During the match, Markus Paskal's mother kept encouraging her son while insulting Eryk Lesak. At one point, when she called out to Markus to beat Lesak up, the crow responded by chanting "słuchaj się mamy!" (_listen to your mum!_).
* After the match, Chemik cut a promo complaining about the state of the business where mere rookies dare going against seasoned wrestlers, and children like Markus Paskal defy real men like Chemik and Lesak. Paskal retorted by saying that he will get to the top with the help of a former champion: [Kamil Aleksander](@/w/kamil-aleksander.md), last seen way back at [Godzina Zero 2019](@/e/kpw/2019-08-17-kpw-godzina-zero-2019.md). He then challenged the two heels for a Tag Team Match at Arena 32: Markus Paskal & Kamil Aleksander vs Chemik & Eryk Lesak.
* Tomczak defeated Filip Fux by pummelling him on the head with a steel chain wrapped around his fist.
* After beating [Chemik](@/w/chemik.md), [Greg](@/w/greg.md) claimed that 2026 will be the year he regains the [KPW Championship](@/c/kpw-championship.md).
* Next, [Krystian Malinowski](@/w/krystian-malinowski.md) came out to the ring and read an application supposedly submitted to him by [Zefir](@/w/zefir.md), in which the masked luchador apparently recognised the error of his ways at the [previous show](@/e/kpw/2025-11-14-kpw-arena-xxx.md) and politely asked to be reinstated. Malinowski then replied by tearing the printed letter in half.
* [Michał Fux](@/w/michal-fux.md) came out carrying a guitar. He cut a brief promo saying that Filip and him decided to concentrate on solo career, but no matter what happens, they will always remain brothers.
* On his way to the ring, [Ron Corvus](@/w/ron-corvus.md) grabbed and drank a fan's beer. A few moments later he grabbed a new beer from under the ring, opened it and handed it to the fan as compensation. A little later the can of beer ended up hitting Michał's head.
* The weapons used in this match were: a [B-41 road sign][zakaz-wstepu] _no entry for pedestrians_, light tubes, thumb tacks, a baseball bat wrapped with barbed wire, plus the beer can and Michał's guitar.
* After losing the match Ron Corvus initially refused to shake Michał's hand, but then he showed his respect by raising the winner's hand in the air - a gesture Michał quickly returned.
* Over the course of a long and even match, Tom LaRuffa managed to gain the upper hand over [Hans Schulte](@/w/hans-schulte.md). Suddenly, LaRuffa appeared on the club's Titantron, saying he's not capable enough to beat Schulte. Confused by this unexpected turn of events, the real LaRuffa was then promptly blindsided and defeated by the German.
* During the main event, the crowd showed their support for LaRuffa by counting pins in French: "un, deux, trois" (_one, two, three_), and "sędzia putain" (_referee [is a] bitch_) towards the ref.
* Following Schulte's victory, [Kinga Miotke](@/w/kinga-miotke.md) asked him is he thinks he'll be the champion once more. Angered by the question, Hans insulted her and got into her face, yelling at her for even daring to question his chances.
* Greg then came out of the backstage and confronted Schulte on the microphone, reminding everybody that he is the one who is going to be the next champion. He was then interrupted by Michał Fux, also with an appetite for the gold. As the two traded words, Hans attacked them both and was thrown out of the ring by the combined effort of the two Polish wrestlers.
* Greg and Michał then agreed to have a match at the next show to determine who of them deserves the chance to win the vacant title.
* There were some chants typically heard at [PpW](@/o/ppw.md), such as ["chcemy krwi!"](@/a/polish-wrestling-chants.md#calls-to-action) (_we want blood!_) during Filip Fux vs Tomczak, or ["Wejherowo, a gdzie to kurwa jest?"](@/a/polish-wrestling-chants.md#wrestler-specific) (_Wejherowo, where the fuck is that?_) during Chemik vs Greg.
* Present in the audience were [Michael Kovac](@/w/michael-kovac.md) and [ShowOff](@/w/piotr-malecki.md).

## References

* [Cagematch event page](https://www.cagematch.net/?id=1&nr=442797)
* [Facebook post](https://www.facebook.com/kpwrestling/posts/pfbid0dqhZeDfhVLXs5BpE1ku4dvJGy79FeUcS1zYupXxdBtormzoNJMNVgeDYFVZKdtCjl) announcing the show

[zyczenia-noworoczne]: https://www.facebook.com/reel/4283024535307996
[freebird-rule]: https://prowrestling.fandom.com/wiki/Freebird_Rule
[zakaz-wstepu]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Road_signs_in_Poland#Prohibitory_signs
