content/e/kpw/2026-03-13-kpw-arena-32.md, before:

+++
title = "KPW Arena 32: Sprawiedliwość I Prawo"
template = "event_page.html"
authors = ["M3n747"]
[taxonomies]
chronology = ["kpw", "arena"]
venue=["nowy-harem"]
[extra]
city = "Gdynia"
toclevel = 2
has_video = false
[extra.gallery]
+++

KPW Arena 32: Sprawiedliwość I Prawo (_Justice And Law_) is an upcoming show by [Kombat Pro Wrestling](@/o/kpw.md).

The name of the show is a reference to [Prawo i Sprawiedliwość][pis] (_Law and Justice_), a Polish political party. The [Facebook post][fb-zapowiedz] announcing the show was accompanied by a quote from a popular 1967 Polish comedy ["Sami swoi"][sami-swoi] (_All Friends Here_): "Sąd sądem, a sprawiedliwość musi być po naszej stronie" (_The court's one thing, but justice has to be on our side_). This is a well-known line said by an elderly women while giving hand grenades to her son, who's about to head to the courthouse to take part in a trial.

## Build-up

* Prior to announcing the event, KPW uploaded [a video][sad-ale-bez-owocow] on 27.01.2026 in which [Krystian Malinowski](@/w/krystian-malinowski.md) decided to hold a trial of [Zefir](@/w/zefir.md) at the show. The trial, per his decision, is to involve [Filip Fux](@/w/filip-fux.md) and [Chemik](@/w/chemik.md), the former claiming to have proof of Zefir's innocence. The show was officially announced the next day.
* The [previous event](@/e/kpw/2026-01-16-kpw-arena-31.md) saw the return of [Kamil Aleksander](@/w/kamil-aleksander.md), who aligned himself with [Markus Paskal](@/w/markus-paskal.md); the two challenged [Chemik](@/w/chemik.md) & [Eryk Lesak](@/w/eryk-lesak.md) for a Tag Team Match at Arena 32.
* On 10.02.2026 [Leon Lato](@/w/leon-lato.md) [issued][wyzwanie-leona] an Open Challenge for the [KPW OldTown Championship](@/c/kpw-old-town-championship.md).

## Predicted card

{% card(predicted=true) %}
- - '[Markus Paskal](@/w/markus-paskal.md) & [Kamil Aleksander](@/w/kamil-aleksander.md)'
  - '[Chemik](@/w/chemik.md) & [Eryk Lesak](@/w/eryk-lesak.md)'
  - s: Tag Team Match
    nc: upcoming
- - '[Zefir](@/w/zefir.md)'
  - '[Filip Fux](@/w/filip-fux.md)'
  - '[Chemik](@/w/chemik.md)'
  - '[Krystian Malinowski](@/w/krystian-malinowski.md)'
  - g: 'Trial of Zefir'
    nc: upcoming
- - '[Leon Lato](@/w/leon-lato.md)(c)'
  - '???'
  - c: '[KPW OldTown Championship](@/c/kpw-old-town-championship.md)'
    s: Open Challenge
    nc: upcoming
- credits:
    Referees: '[Krystian Czekaj](@/w/krystian-czekaj.md), Sędzia Alan'
    Ring announcer: '[Kinga Miotke](@/w/kinga-miotke.md)'
 {% end %}

### Recap
* TBD

## References

* [Cagematch event page](https://www.cagematch.net/?id=1&nr=445712)

[sad-ale-bez-owocow]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bjPAmfEry-w
[fb-zapowiedz]: https://www.facebook.com/kpwrestling/posts/pfbid02RFZvuXtkrMEFqE4wPc969LdXmoVEuTbnxu6arSeCJErBFg6tPL6zbWADS8eyizx6l
[pis]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Law_and_Justice
[sami-swoi]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/All_Friends_Here
[wyzwanie-leona]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NpnPSTkjXqw

Commit message:

Filip Fux vs Erik Asmus

content/e/kpw/2026-03-13-kpw-arena-32.md, after:

+++
title = "KPW Arena 32: Sprawiedliwość I Prawo"
template = "event_page.html"
authors = ["M3n747"]
[taxonomies]
chronology = ["kpw", "arena"]
venue=["nowy-harem"]
[extra]
city = "Gdynia"
toclevel = 2
has_video = false
[extra.gallery]
+++

KPW Arena 32: Sprawiedliwość I Prawo (_Justice And Law_) is an upcoming show by [Kombat Pro Wrestling](@/o/kpw.md).

The name of the show is a reference to [Prawo i Sprawiedliwość][pis] (_Law and Justice_), a Polish political party. The [Facebook post][fb-zapowiedz] announcing the show was accompanied by a quote from a popular 1967 Polish comedy ["Sami swoi"][sami-swoi] (_All Friends Here_): "Sąd sądem, a sprawiedliwość musi być po naszej stronie" (_The court's one thing, but justice has to be on our side_). This is a well-known line said by an elderly women while giving hand grenades to her son, who's about to head to the courthouse to take part in a trial.

## Build-up

* Prior to announcing the event, KPW uploaded [a video][sad-ale-bez-owocow] on 27.01.2026 in which [Krystian Malinowski](@/w/krystian-malinowski.md) decided to hold a trial of [Zefir](@/w/zefir.md) at the show. The trial, per his decision, is to involve [Filip Fux](@/w/filip-fux.md) and [Chemik](@/w/chemik.md), the former claiming to have proof of Zefir's innocence. The show was officially announced the next day.
* The [previous event](@/e/kpw/2026-01-16-kpw-arena-31.md) saw the return of [Kamil Aleksander](@/w/kamil-aleksander.md), who aligned himself with [Markus Paskal](@/w/markus-paskal.md); the two challenged [Chemik](@/w/chemik.md) & [Eryk Lesak](@/w/eryk-lesak.md) for a Tag Team Match at Arena 32.
* On 10.02.2026 [Leon Lato](@/w/leon-lato.md) [issued][wyzwanie-leona] an Open Challenge for the [KPW OldTown Championship](@/c/kpw-old-town-championship.md).
* The first match to be announced was [Filip Fux](@/w/filip-fux.md) vs Erik Asmus. It was posted to KPW's Facebook page on 21.02.2026 during [PpW Trzeba Być](@/e/ppw/2026-02-21-ppw-trzeba-byc.md), where Filip faced [Gustav Gryffin](@/w/gustav-gryffin.md).

## Predicted card

{% card(predicted=true) %}
- - '[Markus Paskal](@/w/markus-paskal.md) & [Kamil Aleksander](@/w/kamil-aleksander.md)'
  - '[Chemik](@/w/chemik.md) & [Eryk Lesak](@/w/eryk-lesak.md)'
  - s: Tag Team Match
    nc: upcoming
- - '[Zefir](@/w/zefir.md)'
  - '[Filip Fux](@/w/filip-fux.md)'
  - '[Chemik](@/w/chemik.md)'
  - '[Krystian Malinowski](@/w/krystian-malinowski.md)'
  - g: 'Trial of Zefir'
    nc: upcoming
- - '[Leon Lato](@/w/leon-lato.md)(c)'
  - '???'
  - c: '[KPW OldTown Championship](@/c/kpw-old-town-championship.md)'
    s: Open Challenge
    nc: upcoming
- - '[Filip Fux](@/w/filip-fux.md)'
  - 'Erik Asmus'
  - nc: upcoming
- credits:
    Referees: '[Krystian Czekaj](@/w/krystian-czekaj.md), Sędzia Alan'
    Ring announcer: '[Kinga Miotke](@/w/kinga-miotke.md)'
 {% end %}

### Recap
* TBD

## References

* [Cagematch event page](https://www.cagematch.net/?id=1&nr=445712)

[sad-ale-bez-owocow]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bjPAmfEry-w
[fb-zapowiedz]: https://www.facebook.com/kpwrestling/posts/pfbid02RFZvuXtkrMEFqE4wPc969LdXmoVEuTbnxu6arSeCJErBFg6tPL6zbWADS8eyizx6l
[pis]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Law_and_Justice
[sami-swoi]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/All_Friends_Here
[wyzwanie-leona]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NpnPSTkjXqw
