+++
title = "KPW Arena 32: Sprawiedliwość I Prawo"
template = "event_page.html"
authors = ["M3n747"]
[taxonomies]
chronology = ["kpw", "arena"]
venue=["nowy-harem"]
[extra]
city = "Gdynia"
toclevel = 2
has_video = false
[extra.gallery]
+++

KPW Arena 32: Sprawiedliwość I Prawo (_Justice And Law_) was a show by [Kombat Pro Wrestling](@/o/kpw.md).

The name of the show is a reference to [Prawo i Sprawiedliwość][pis] (_Law and Justice_), a Polish political party. The [Facebook post][fb-zapowiedz] announcing the show was accompanied by a quote from a popular 1967 Polish comedy ["Sami swoi"][sami-swoi] (_All Friends Here_): "Sąd sądem, a sprawiedliwość musi być po naszej stronie" (_The court's one thing, but justice has to be on our side_). This is a well-known line said by an elderly women while giving hand grenades to her son, who's about to head to the courthouse to take part in a trial.

## Build-up

* Prior to announcing the event, KPW uploaded [a video][sad-ale-bez-owocow] on 27.01.2026 in which [Krystian Malinowski](@/w/krystian-malinowski.md) decided to hold a trial of [Zefir](@/w/zefir.md) at the show. The trial, per his decision, is to involve [Filip Fux](@/w/filip-fux.md) and [Chemik](@/w/chemik.md), the former claiming to have proof of Zefir's innocence. The show was officially announced the next day.
* The [previous event](@/e/kpw/2026-01-16-kpw-arena-31.md) saw the return of [Kamil Aleksander](@/w/kamil-aleksander.md), who aligned himself with [Markus Paskal](@/w/markus-paskal.md); the two challenged [Chemik](@/w/chemik.md) & [Eryk Lesak](@/w/eryk-lesak.md) for a Tag Team Match at Arena 32.
* On 10.02.2026 [Leon Lato](@/w/leon-lato.md) [issued][wyzwanie-leona] an Open Challenge for the [KPW OldTown Championship](@/c/kpw-old-town-championship.md).
* The first match to be announced was [Filip Fux](@/w/filip-fux.md) vs Erik Asmus. It was posted to KPW's Facebook page on 21.02.2026 during [PpW Trzeba Być](@/e/ppw/2026-02-21-ppw-trzeba-byc.md), where Filip faced [Gustav Gryffin](@/w/gustav-gryffin.md). Filip previously faced Friedrich Pohlmann, Erik's tag team partner during [Arena XXX](@/e/kpw/2025-11-14-kpw-arena-xxx.md), while Erik faced Michał Fux.
* [Hans Schulte's](@/w/hans-schulte.md) presence at the show was announced on 24.02.2026.
* On 27.02.2026 KPW officially confirmed the tag team match of [Eryk Lesak](@/w/eryk-lesak.md) & [Chemik](@/w/chemik.md) vs [Markus Paskal](@/w/markus-paskal.md) & [Kamil Aleksander](@/w/kamil-aleksander.md). For Aleksander this will be his first since [Godzina Zero 2019](@/e/kpw/2019-08-17-kpw-godzina-zero-2019.md).
* On 2.03.2026 KPW announced Italian wrestler Guido Buriani, trained by the former [KPW Champion](@/c/kpw-championship.md), [Red Scorpion](@/w/red-scorpion.md).
* Zefir's trial was officially confirmed on 28.02.2026.
* On 4.03.2026 KPW announced a Triple Threat Match for the [KPW Championship](@/c/kpw-championship.md) #1 Contendership, between [Michał Fux](@/w/michal-fux.md), [Greg](@/w/greg.md) and [Tomczak](@/w/tomczak.md).
* Leon Lato's open challenge was answered on 6.03.2026 by another Italian debuting in Poland - Nico Narciso, a former World Association of Wrestling and Ultimate Kombat Wrestling Association Tag Team Champion, together with Red Scorpion.

## Card

{% card() %}
- - '[Chemik](@/w/chemik.md) & [Eryk Lesak](@/w/eryk-lesak.md)'
  - '[Markus Paskal](@/w/markus-paskal.md) & [Kamil Aleksander](@/w/kamil-aleksander.md)'
  - s: Tag Team Match
- - '[Filip Fux](@/w/filip-fux.md)'
  - 'Erik Asmus'
- - '[Greg](@/w/greg.md)'
  - '[Michał Fux](@/w/michal-fux.md)'
  - '[Tomczak](@/w/tomczak.md)'
  - c: '[KPW Championship](@/c/kpw-championship.md)'
    s: Contendership Triple Threat Match
- - '[Zefir](@/w/zefir.md)'
  - '[Filip Fux](@/w/filip-fux.md)'
  - '[Chemik](@/w/chemik.md)'
  - '[Krystian Malinowski](@/w/krystian-malinowski.md)'
  - '[Rookie Two](@/w/rookie-two.md)'
  - '[Michał Fux](@/w/michal-fux.md)'
  - 'Policeman'
  - g: 'Trial of Zefir'
- - '[Leon Lato](@/w/leon-lato.md)(c)'
  - 'Nico Narciso'
  - c: '[KPW OldTown Championship](@/c/kpw-old-town-championship.md)'
    s: Open Challenge
- - '[Rookie One](@/w/oskar-haller.md)'
  - 'Guido Buriani'
- - '[Zefir](@/w/zefir.md)'
  - '[Hans Schulte](@/w/hans-schulte.md)'
  - c: '[KPW Championship](@/c/kpw-championship.md)'
    s: Contendership Match
- credits:
    Referees: '[Krystian Czekaj](@/w/krystian-czekaj.md), Sędzia Alan'
    Ring announcer: '[Kinga Miotke](@/w/kinga-miotke.md)'
 {% end %}

### Highlights

* The intro video played a few seconds out of sync with its audio track.
* Present in the audience was [Markus Paskal's](@/w/markus-paskal.md) mother, supporting her son and continuing her informal feud with [Chemik](@/w/chemik.md) and [Eryk Lesak](@/w/eryk-lesak.md).
* Also sitting in the audience was [Hans Schulte](@/w/hans-schulte.md).
* [Chemik](@/w/chemik.md) came out wearing his new football-like yellow scarf, which bore his logo and the name of his home city, Wejherowo.
* Having been urged by fans for years, [Eryk Lesak](@/w/eryk-lesak.md) finally performed a top-rope move.
* One of the fans splashed some beer on [Tomczak](@/w/tomczak.md) before his match, only to be immediately escorted out by security.
* There was some confusion regarding the finish of [Filip Fux](@/w/filip-fux.md) vs Erik Asmus. The referee counted the pin in Filip's favour, but Erik's music played instead for a few seconds, before being replaced with Filip's theme song. A while later, Erik Asmus hit Filip with a powerful move, prompting his music to play again, despite being the loser of the match. (In a [video][zawirowania-z-playlista] released a few days after the show, Chairman Malinowski blamed the situation on [Rookie Three](@/w/rookie-three.md).)
* During [Zefir's](@/w/zefir.md) trial, Filip Fux acted as his advocate, Chemik as the prosecutor, [Krystian Malinowski](@/w/krystian-malinowski.md) as the judge, and [Kinga Miotke](@/w/kinga-miotke.md) as the judge's assistant. Filip and Chemik came to the trial dressed in formal clothing (in light and dark colours, respectively), while Krystian Malinowski wore a court gown and a white wig, and carried a gavel.
* Defendant Zefir, wearing handcuffs, was brought in by a man in a police uniform, with a "police license" (_uprawnienia policyjne_) - a fact which was unsuccessfully questioned by advocate Fux.
* Both sides presented their cases. Advocate Fux called [Rookie Two](@/w/rookie-two.md) as a witness, who swore on the Holy Scripture that he'd seen defendant Zefir speaking with Filip at the same time as the masked assailant attacked Malinowski. Prosecutor Chemik then recalled an instance when somebody swore but broke the oath: [wrestler Chemik](@/w/chemik.md) swearing not to set foot in the ring again at [Arena XXX](@/e/kpw/2025-11-14-kpw-arena-xxx.md) and then setting foot in the ring again later at the same show. Judge Malinowski ruled that although compelling, the evidence wasn't strong enough to warrant a pardon.
* Advocate Fux then presented exhibit 2: a black mask worn by the assailant and a glass bottle like the one used in the attack, both found by accident in a suitcase belonging to [Michał Fux](@/w/michal-fux.md). Michał was then called as a witness.
* Witness Fux stated that he didn't know anything about these items, and that at the moment of the attack he'd been speaking with a friend in front of the club. The crowd booed Filip for selling out his brother, with a prevailing chant being "sześćdziesiona" (roughly _the sixty_) - a reference to article 60, section 3, of the Polish criminal code, which allows for a reduced sentence in exchange for information on other people involved in the crime (i.e. snitching).
* At one point during the trial, prosecutor Chemik asked judge Malinowski if he may ask the plaintiffette a question. When judge Malinowski agreed, prosecutor Chemik took out, open and drank a small bottle of vodka, after which he asked his question, eliciting a roar of laughter from the crowd. (_Czy mogę zadać pytanie powódce?_ - "May I ask the plaintiffette a question?" _Czy mogę zadać pytanie po wódce?_ - "May I ask a question after some vodka?")
* Prosecutor Chemik asked defendant Fux three questions: had he ever persuaded anyone to commit suicide, had he ever publicly promoted and advocated for totalitarian regimes, and had he ever propagated and incited hatered on the basis of nationality. Defendant Fux, increasingly agitated with each question, denied every claim, which was then promptly countered with video evidence from past shows: [Michał's promo][michal-promo-21] from [Arena 21](@/e/kpw/2023-02-24-kpw-arena-21.md) ("You wanna hang yourself? Go ahead! Hang yourself!"), Michał and Filip shaving Chemik's moustache to resemble Adolf Hitler's at [Arena 24](@/e/kpw/2024-02-16-kpw-arena-24.md), and referring to Erik Asmus and Friedrich Pohlmann as "niemieckie kurwy" (_German whores_) at [Arena XXX](@/e/kpw/2025-11-14-kpw-arena-xxx.md). After the third question, Michał told Chemik to kiss his ass, which prompted judge Malinowski to have Michał incapacitated, handcuffed and removed from the court ring by the man with "police license". He was also declared by the judge as the prime suspect in the assault case.
* After the closing statements from the defence and the prosecution, the judge's ruling cleared defendant Zefir of the assault charges and reinstated him as an active wrestler, giving him a match against [Hans Schulte](@/w/hans-schulte.md) in the main event of the show - although not before defendant Fux intimidated him by enticing the crowd to chant ["sędzia chuj!"](@/a/polish-wrestling-chants.md#referee) (in this case meaning _the judge is a dick_).
* After the trial ended, judge Malinowski called [Rookie One](@/w/oskar-haller.md) to the court ring and, stating he was fed up with him, gave him a match against Guido Buriani. Should Rookie One win, he'd become a full member of the roster, but should he lose, he'd be on the ticket detail for the rest of his life.
* Having won his fight, Rookie One named himself Oskar Haller.
* After Kinga Miotke closed the show, Eryk Lesak came back into the ring and announced the next show: [Mężczyźni Nie Płaczą](@/e/kpw/2026-04-24-kpw-arena-33.md), in merely one month.

## References

* [Cagematch event page](https://www.cagematch.net/?id=1&nr=445712)

[sad-ale-bez-owocow]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bjPAmfEry-w
[fb-zapowiedz]: https://www.facebook.com/kpwrestling/posts/pfbid02RFZvuXtkrMEFqE4wPc969LdXmoVEuTbnxu6arSeCJErBFg6tPL6zbWADS8eyizx6l
[pis]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Law_and_Justice
[sami-swoi]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/All_Friends_Here
[wyzwanie-leona]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NpnPSTkjXqw
[michal-promo-21]: https://youtu.be/o2bLZrJ5kKY?si=RTkdHF3huBPhalK7&t=34
[zawirowania-z-playlista]: https://www.facebook.com/reel/1246343684297417
