+++
title = "KPW Arena 34: Fantastyczna czwórka"
template = "event_page.html"
authors = ["M3n747", "Krzysztof Zych"]
[taxonomies]
chronology = ["kpw", "arena"]
venue=["nowy-harem"]
[extra]
city = "Gdynia"
toclevel = 2
has_video = false
[extra.gallery]
+++

KPW Arena 34: Fantastyczna czwórka (_The Fantastic Four_) was a show by [Kombat Pro Wrestling](@/o/kpw.md), and the lead-up to [Godzina Zero 2026](@/e/kpw/2026-09-11-kpw-godzina-zero-2026.md). The titular Fantastic Four refers to the four contenders for the [KPW Championship](@/c/kpw-championship.md), and the show's promo graphics and posters were clearly inspired by the namesake superhero team.

## Build-up

* [Arena 33](@/e/kpw/2026-04-24-kpw-arena-33.md) saw four Contendership Qualifying Matches for the [KPW Championship](@/c/kpw-championship.md), which were won by [Leon Lato](@/w/leon-lato.md), [Kamil Aleksander](@/w/kamil-aleksander.md), [Tomczak](@/w/tomczak.md) and [Chemik](@/w/chemik.md). This show will pit them against each other in a Contendership Four-Way Match, with the winner advancing to the Championship Match at Godzina Zero 2026.
* On 30.04.2026 KPW published a [video][kamila-wywialo] in which Kamil Aleksander gave up his spot in the Four-Way Match in favour of [Zefir](@/w/zefir.md), whom he saw as most deserving of taking his place. With some reluctance, [Malinowski](@/w/krystian-malinowski.md) eventually agreed to Kamil's request.
* On 20.05.2026 [Eryk Lesak](@/w/eryk-lesak.md) announced his involvement in a [Facebook post][tournee-lesaka] with upcoming dates of his appearances.
* On 4.06.2026 he was booked to face [Markus Paskal](@/w/markus-paskal.md), whom he'd clashed with and bested at [Godzina Zero 2025](@/e/kpw/2025-08-22-kpw-godzina-zero-2025.md) as well as Arenas [31](@/e/kpw/2026-01-16-kpw-arena-31.md) and [32](@/e/kpw/2026-03-13-kpw-arena-32.md).
* On 5.06.2026 KPW officially confirmed the #1 Contendership Match between Leon Lato, Zefir, Chemik and Tomczak.
* On 7.06.2026 KPW informed that [Oskar Haller](@/w/oskar-haller.md) would appear at the show, with no further details given at the time.
* 9.06.2026 brought a surprise announcement of [Filip Fux](@/w/filip-fux.md) vs [Olgierd](@/w/olgierd.md). Olgierd was present at the [previous show](@/e/kpw/2026-04-24-kpw-arena-33.md) as a security/staff member.
* The next day KPW scheduled [Kamil Aleksander](@/w/kamil-aleksander.md) vs [Ricky Sky](@/w/ricky-sky.md). Sky was last seen at [Arena XXX](@/e/kpw/2025-11-14-kpw-arena-xxx.md), where he defended his [KPW Tag Team Championship](@/c/kpw-tag-team-championship.md) with [David Oliwa](@/w/david-oliwa.md).
* On 13.06.2026 KPW announced [Michał Fux](@/w/michal-fux.md) vs [Greg](@/w/greg.md). At [Arena 32](@/e/kpw/2026-03-13-kpw-arena-32.md) Greg had won the [KPW Championship](@/c/kpw-championship.md) Contendership in a Triple Threat Match against [Michał Fux](@/w/michal-fux.md) and [Tomczak](@/w/tomczak.md), later defending it against former Champion [Hans Schulte](@/w/hans-schulte.md) at [Arena 33](@/e/kpw/2026-04-24-kpw-arena-33.md). [Chairman Malinowski](@/w/krystian-malinowski.md), however, has kept denying him his title match.
* A post made on 15.06.2026 revealed that [Bracia Fux](@/tt/bracia-fux.md) would have a confrontation at the show with regards to the recent events, in the hopes of clearing the air between them. During [Zefir's](@/w/zefir.md) trial at [Arena 32](@/e/kpw/2026-03-13-kpw-arena-32.md) advocate Filip Fux produced evidence suggesting that his brother may have been involved in the attempt at [Krystian Malinowski's](@/w/krystian-malinowski.md) life at [Arena 26](@/e/kpw/2024-11-15-kpw-arena-26.md) - an accusation Michał vehemently denied, but which drove a wedge between the two siblings.

## Card

{% card() %}
- - '[Filip Fux](@/w/filip-fux.md)'
  - '[Olgierd](@/w/olgierd.md)'
- - '[Rookie Two](@/w/rookie-two.md)'
  - '[Rookie Three](@/w/rookie-three.md)'
  - 'Rookie Four'
  - '[Krystian Malinowski](@/w/krystian-malinowski.md)'
  - g: The rookies brag about their perceived skill, Malinowski gives them a match.
- - '[Oskar Haller](@/w/oskar-haller.md)'
  - '[Rookie Two](@/w/rookie-two.md)'
  - '[Rookie Three](@/w/rookie-three.md)'
  - s: 2-on-1 Handicap Match
- - '[Kamil Aleksander](@/w/kamil-aleksander.md)'
  - 'Rookie Four'
- - '[Greg](@/w/greg.md)'
  - '[Michał Fux](@/w/michal-fux.md)'
  - s: Hardcore Match
- - '[Markus Paskal](@/w/markus-paskal.md)'
  - '[Eryk Lesak](@/w/eryk-lesak.md)'
- - '[Michał Fux](@/w/michal-fux.md)'
  - '[Filip Fux](@/w/filip-fux.md)'
  - '[Chemik](@/w/chemik.md)'
  - '[_doctor_ Krystian Malinowski](@/w/krystian-malinowski.md)'
  - g: The Fux Brothers confront each other.
- - '[Zefir](@/w/zefir.md)'
  - '[Leon Lato](@/w/leon-lato.md)'
  - '[Tomczak](@/w/tomczak.md)'
  - '[Chemik](@/w/chemik.md)'
  - c: '[KPW Championship](@/c/kpw-championship.md)'
    s: Four-Way Contendership Match
- - '[Eryk Lesak](@/w/eryk-lesak.md)'
  - '[Leon Lato](@/w/leon-lato.md)(c)'
  - c: '[KPW OldTown Championship](@/c/kpw-old-town-championship.md)'
    s: Championship Contract Cash-In
- credits:
    Referee: '[Sędzia Alan](@/w/sedzia-alan.md)'
    Ring announcer: '[Kinga Miotke](@/w/kinga-miotke.md)'
    Special Guest Referee: '[Krystian Malinowski](@/w/krystian-malinowski.md)'
{% end %}

### Highlights

* [Olgierd](@/w/olgierd.md) came out first, getting mostly heat from the audience, whereas [Filip Fux](@/w/filip-fux.md) was welcomed with a large pop. After a while, however, somebody called out ["Sześćdziesiona!"](@/a/polish-wrestling-chants.md#general-expletives), bringing about a full 180 in the crowd's reactions - people started cheering Olgierd and booing Filip.
* Filip scored an unfair victory by putting his feet on the second rope for extra leverage while pinning Olgierd. This earned him extra heat, suggesting a possible heel turn.
* As part of his entrance, Olgierd tied his scarf to the turnbucle. It remained there until the break (following Greg vs Michał Fux).
* After the opener, rookies [Two](@/w/rookie-two.md), [Three](@/w/rookie-three.md) and Four entered the ring, bragging about their victory alongside [Michał Fux](@/w/michal-fux.md), and their defeat of [Krystian Malinowski](@/w/krystian-malinowski.md), at [Pyrkon](@/e/kpw/2026-06-20-kpw-pyrkon-2026.md) a week before. They said that now they could fight anyone on the roster, which prompted Malinowski to come out and berate them for getting ahead of themselves. He said he ought to punish them, but that would be boring - so he decided to reward them instead by giving Rookies Two and Three a match against a mystery opponent; if they won, they'd sign contracts and join the KPW roster. The rookies readily agreed, only to find out that their match would be against [Oskar Haller](@/w/oskar-haller.md) who, in Malinowski's words, "turned his back on them as soon as he joined the roster himself".
* Rookie Four was told by Malinowski to "get his ass backstage and get ready", because the Chairman had a "very special task" for him.
* While Rookies Two and Three presented good ring skills (with Rookie Three especially impressing the crowd with his acrobatics), they lacked tag team harmony - there were several times when the legal wrestler was out on the apron, while the one tagged out attemted a pin.
* Before his match, [Kamil Aleksander](@/w/kamil-aleksander.md) said that [Ricky Sky](@/w/ricky-sky.md) had to cancel the match at the last minute due to (legitimate) health reasons, but Chairman Malinowski found a replacement - "the moust foul and disgusting creature in KPW". That replacement turned out to be Rookie Four.
* Greg cut a promo expressing his displeasure with Malinowski constantly refusing to give him a title match, despite having won a Contendership at [Arena 32](@/e/kpw/2026-03-13-kpw-arena-32.md). Greg stated that he would prostrate himself cross-shaped (_będę leżał krzyżem_) in the ring until the Chairman relented. After a while of Greg doing just that, [Sędzia Alan](@/w/sedzia-alan.md) relied a message to [Kinga Miotke](@/w/kinga-miotke.md), who said that Malinowski agreed to give Greg a title match at [Godzina Zero](@/e/kpw/2026-09-11-kpw-godzina-zero-2026.md) should he win with [Michał Fux](@/w/michal-fux.md). This was followed a moment later by the Chairman's decision to make Greg vs Michał a hardcore match.
* Before his fight with [Markus Paskal](@/w/markus-paskal.md), Lesak cut a heel promo insulting his opponent and his mother. Eryk said that if Markus won, he'd shake his hand - but should Paskal lose, he'd have to "milk Lesak" (_wydoisz Lesaka_).
* Paskal's mother ended up slapping Lesak, which gave her son an opportunity to gain the upper hand and win the match, thus scoring his first victory. Lesak went back on his word and didn't shake Paskal's hand.
* [Kamil Aleksander](@/w/kamil-aleksander.md) came out and congratulated Markus, but then warned him that at Godzina Zero he'll face his final test: a fight against Kamil.
* Filip and Michał confronted each other, discussing the events surrounding and following the trial at [Arena 32](@/e/kpw/2026-03-13-kpw-arena-32.md) - Filip defended his actions, whereas Michał insisted that his brother should've talked to him first before throwing accusations. [Chemik](@/w/chemik.md) then joined them in the ring, singing ["My friend, you know you were like a brother to me"][krawczyk-wyglada-jak-ddp-co-nie], and further set the brothers against each other by claiming Filip had confided in him his feelings of inferiority. Filip denied these claims, but Michał was no longer certain what to believe. They were then joined in the ring by _doctor_ Malinowski (wearing a white coat and a stethoscope) who, posing for an expert in psychiatry and psychology, described Michał as displaying typical symptoms of insanity (a diagnosis Chemik instantly agreed with). Michał wanted to reconcile with his brother despite everything that had transpired, but Filip ended up attacking him with his finisher, before throwing away his [Fux Brothers](@/tt/bracia-fux.md) T-shirt and leaving.
* Michał Fux had a new theme song, foreshadowing the split between the brothers.
* As the main event was about to begin, Chemik told [Tomczak](@/w/tomczak.md) to attack [Leon Lato](@/w/leon-lato.md) together; however, as the match started and Chemik rushed at Leon, Tomczak stood back and just watched as he tried to deal with Leon and [Zefir](@/w/zefir.md) on his own. When an opening presented itself, Tomczak grabbed Chemik and threw him out of the ring.
* Leon Lato attacked Chemik with his own Crocodile Roll.
* As Tomczak was choking Zefir, Lato came to help his former tag team partner and in the process removed Tomczak's mask. This infuriated the monster who then launched an aggressive assault at Leon, Zefir and even Sędzia Alan, knocking him out. Malinowski then ran in, pulled Alan's striped shirt off and donned it himself, thus taking over the refereeing duties for the remainder of the bout.
* Referee Malinowski counted Zefir's pins noticeably slowly, even pretending to have hurt his hand just before what would've been three, while "miraculously" recovering for a fast count when it was Tomczak pinning Zefir. In the end, however, he had no other choice but to recognise the luchador's superiority.
* After the match, Tomczak threw Leon back into the ring and proceeded to maul him ferociously. A few moments later Eryk Lesak charged out of the backstage, Chairman Malinowski in tow, and cashed in his Championship Contract he'd won at [Godzina Zero 2025](@/e/kpw/2025-08-22-kpw-godzina-zero-2025.md). The fight was very brief and one-sided, promptly ending with Lesak becoming the new Old Town Champion.
* This was the first show Sędzia Alan refereed entirely by himself (Special Guest Referee Malinowski notwithstanding).

## References

* [Cagematch event page](https://www.cagematch.net/?id=1&nr=452968)
* [Facebook post announcing the event](https://www.facebook.com/events/1889039445144660)

[kamila-wywialo]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vm0DbKOVC4E
[tournee-lesaka]: https://www.facebook.com/ErykLesak/posts/pfbid032n6ggQ1JrhoZpTotwhyQuuwB5zEgGJ6Vh237Nw8LCMZg1DvSQ3gA4hYtWR82Xnfgl
[krawczyk-wyglada-jak-ddp-co-nie]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g0kgw2kkFnM
