+++
title = "KPW @ Pyrkon 2026"
template = "event_page.html"
authors = ["M3n747"]
[taxonomies]
chronology = ["kpw", "pyrkon", "poznan-fair"]
venue = ["targi-poznan"]
[extra]
city = "Poznań"
toclevel = 2
has_video = false
[extra.gallery]
+++

[Pyrkon][pyrkon] is an annual fan convention, the biggest of its kind in Poland, and one of the biggest in Europe. Having started as a fantasy/sci-fi convention, it grew over the years to include RPGs, LARPs, anime, cosplays, comics, board games, video games, and many other pop culture interests. The first one was held in 2000 in an elementary school in Poznań, and as the event grew, it finally moved to the [International Trade Fair](@/v/targi-poznan.md) grounds.

Continuing the tradition estabilished in 2022, one of the Saturday attractions was a KPW show.

## Build-up

* On 20.05.2026 [Eryk Lesak](@/w/eryk-lesak.md) announced his involvement in a [Facebook post][tournee-lesaka] with upcoming dates of his appearances.

## Card

{% card() %}
- - '[Michał Fux](@/w/michal-fux.md)'
  - '[Eryk Lesak](@/w/eryk-lesak.md)'
  - nc: Double Count-Out
- - '[Michał Fux](@/w/michal-fux.md)'
  - '[Eryk Lesak](@/w/eryk-lesak.md)'
  - '[Chemik](@/w/chemik.md)'
  - '[Tomczak](@/w/tomczak.md)'
  - '[Krystian Malinowski](@/w/krystian-malinowski.md)'
  - s: Michał Fux issues a challenge for a 4 vs 4 match
- - '[Greg](@/w/greg.md)'
  - '[Filip Fux](@/w/filip-fux.md)'
- - '["Top Dog" Callum Beck](@/w/callum-beck.md)'
  - '[Markus Paskal](@/w/markus-paskal.md)'
  - '[Zefir](@/w/zefir.md)'
  - s: Three Way Match
- - '[Leon Lato](@/w/leon-lato.md)'
  - 'Cameron Khai'
  - s: Falls Count Anywhere Match
- - '[Michał Fux](@/w/michal-fux.md), [Szymon Kurczab](@/w/rookie-two.md), [Rookie Three](@/w/rookie-three.md), Rookie Four'
  - '[Eryk Lesak](@/w/eryk-lesak.md), [Chemik](@/w/chemik.md), [Tomczak](@/w/tomczak.md), [Krystian Malinowski](@/w/krystian-malinowski.md)'
  - s: Eight Man Elimination Tag Team Match
- credits:
    Host, Ring announcer: '[Kinga Miotke](@/w/kinga-miotke.md)'
    Referees: 'Sędzia Alan, [Krystian Czekaj](@/w/krystian-czekaj.md)'
{% end %}

### Recap

* After the countout in the opening match, Lesak dragged Michał into the ring and continued beating on him. Suddenly Chemik arrived and walked into the ring, seemingly to aid Michał, but after a short exchange of words, joined his former tag team partner. He was however interrupted by KPW rookies working security, who went in for a save. While they appeared to have the upper hand, Malinowski appeared, and gestured towards the entrance for Tomczak. Who then proceeded to dispatch the rookies.
* Malinowski had his goons Eryk and Chemik hold Michał for Tomczak to exact punishment. However, he made the mistake of asking him for any last words. Michał then broke free and fled the ring, flanked by the group of rookies, grabbed the mic and issued a challenge, on the condition that Malinowski also partakes in the match. The Chairman agreed, and booked the match later in the night.
* After receiving a Nipple Twister from Greg, Filip tried the move on Greg. Unfortunately, he turned out to be immune (or Filip's version was poorly executed), and demonstrated the proper technique once again on Filip.
* The eight-man match saw an intervention by Markus Paskal, who aided the faces by attacking Lesak.

## References

* [Video announcing the show](https://www.facebook.com/kpwrestling/posts/pfbid0aCb1g442eKhaVjHRum4Ff6Vv4R7V122ZsucYA2Z412aogJ3NBSZZCuRTBQWmjv3il)

[pyrkon]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pyrkon
[tournee-lesaka]: https://www.facebook.com/ErykLesak/posts/pfbid032n6ggQ1JrhoZpTotwhyQuuwB5zEgGJ6Vh237Nw8LCMZg1DvSQ3gA4hYtWR82Xnfgl
