+++
title = "KPW Arena 33: Mężczyźni Nie Płaczą"
template = "event_page.html"
authors = ["M3n747"]
[taxonomies]
chronology = ["kpw", "arena"]
venue=["nowy-harem"]
[extra]
city = "Gdynia"
toclevel = 2
has_video = false
[extra.gallery]
+++

KPW Arena 33: Mężczyźni Nie Płaczą (_Men Don't Cry_) was a show by [Kombat Pro Wrestling](@/o/kpw.md). It was announced at the end of [Arena 32](@/e/kpw/2026-03-13-kpw-arena-32.md).

## Build-up

* On 3.04.2026 KPW announced the first match of the show: a [KPW Championship](@/c/kpw-championship.md) Contendership Qualifying Match between [Leon Lato](@/w/leon-lato.md) and [Eryk Lesak](@/w/eryk-lesak.md). Eryk Lesak had previously won a championship contract at [Godzina Zero 2025](@/e/kpw/2025-08-22-kpw-godzina-zero-2025.md), potentially giving him a chance of becoming a double champion.
* The second Contendership Qualifying Match, announced two days later, was [Kamil Aleksander](@/w/kamil-aleksander.md) vs [Veit Müller](@/w/veit-mueller.md). Kamil Aleksander was the first Polish champion, having won the [DDW International Championship](@/c/ddw-international-championship.md) at [DDW All or Nothing II](@/e/ddw/2014-08-17-ddw-all-or-nothing-2.md) in 2014, but he never won a KPW title during his original 2015-2019 run.
* The third match was [Michał Fux](@/w/michal-fux.md) vs [Chemik](@/w/chemik.md), announced on 7.04.2026. Both contenders are former Champions, [Tag Team](@/c/kpw-tag-team-championship.md) and [OldTown](@/c/kpw-old-town-championship.md) respectively, but neither has held the main title.
* On 11.04.2026 KPW announced [Oskar Haller](@/w/oskar-haller.md) vs [Tomczak](@/w/tomczak.md). The two have previously clashed at [Godzina Zero 2025](@/e/kpw/2025-08-22-kpw-godzina-zero-2025.md), in a 3-vs-1 Handicap Match, won by Tomczak.
* On 13.04.2024 [Markus Paskal](@/w/markus-paskal.md) was announced to face [Callum Beck](@/w/callum-beck.md).
* On 15.04.2025 KPW announced [Zefir](@/w/zefir.md) vs an unknown opponent for the vacated [KPW Championship](@/c/kpw-championship.md).
* In [the same post][o-rany-ale-sie-porobilo] the promotion clarified that by losing to Zefir at [Arena 32](@/e/kpw/2026-03-13-kpw-arena-32.md), [Hans Schulte](@/w/hans-schulte.md) forfeited his title contendership which he'd previously won at [Arena 31](@/e/kpw/2026-01-16-kpw-arena-31.md) in a match against Tom LaRuffa.
* Also, by [Chairman Malinowski's](@/w/krystian-malinowski.md) decision, [Greg](@/w/greg.md) - another winner of a contendership match at Arena 32 - will not fight Zefir for the title. Malinowski [later explained][analiza-sytuacji] that him asking Hans - present at the show as a guest rather than a wrestler - to fight Zefir was not entirely fair to the German, so a match against Greg was the Chairman's way of making up for Schulte's loss of contendership at the previous event. Additionally it was meant to balance the scales, as Schulte fought twice for the Contendership, whereas Greg had only one match.
* Following up on this, on 16.04.2026 KPW announced [Hans Schulte](@/w/hans-schulte.md) vs [Greg](@/w/greg.md) in a [KPW Championship](@/c/kpw-championship.md) Contendership Match.
* The winners of the four Contendership Matches will advance to a Four Way Match at [Arena 34](@/e/kpw/2026-06-26-kpw-arena-34.md). Whoever ends up winning that match will challenge for the [KPW Championship](@/c/kpw-championship.md) at the main event of Godzina Zero 2026.

## Card

{% card() %}
- - '[Leon Lato](@/w/leon-lato.md)'
  - '[Eryk Lesak](@/w/eryk-lesak.md)'
  - c: '[KPW Championship](@/c/kpw-championship.md)'
    s: 'Contendership Qualifying Match'
- - '[Kamil Aleksander](@/w/kamil-aleksander.md)'
  - '[Veit Müller](@/w/veit-mueller.md)'
  - c: '[KPW Championship](@/c/kpw-championship.md)'
    s: 'Contendership Qualifying Match'
- - '[Tomczak](@/w/tomczak.md)'
  - '[Oskar Haller](@/w/oskar-haller.md)'
  - c: '[KPW Championship](@/c/kpw-championship.md)'
    s: 'Contendership Qualifying Match'
- - '[Michał Fux](@/w/michal-fux.md)'
  - '[Chemik](@/w/chemik.md)'
  - g: "Michał talks about Zefir's trial from Arena 32."
- - '[Chemik](@/w/chemik.md)'
  - '[Michał Fux](@/w/michal-fux.md)'
  - c: '[KPW Championship](@/c/kpw-championship.md)'
    s: 'Contendership Qualifying Match'
- - '[Callum Beck](@/w/callum-beck.md)'
  - '[Markus Paskal](@/w/markus-paskal.md) w/ [Kamil Aleksander](@/w/kamil-aleksander.md)'
- - '[Greg](@/w/greg.md)'
  - '[Hans Schulte](@/w/hans-schulte.md)'
  - c: '[KPW Championship](@/c/kpw-championship.md)'
    s: Contendership Match
- - '[Zefir](@/w/zefir.md)'
  - '[Krystian Malinowski](@/w/krystian-malinowski.md)'
  - g: Malinowski welcomes Zefir back, introduces his opponent.
- - '[Iestyn Rees](@/w/iestyn-rees.md)'
  - '[Zefir](@/w/zefir.md)'
  - c: '[KPW Championship](@/c/kpw-championship.md)'
- credits:
    Referees: '[Krystian Czekaj](@/w/krystian-czekaj.md), Sędzia Alan'
    Ring announcer: '[Kinga Miotke](@/w/kinga-miotke.md)'
{% end %}

### Highlights

* Present at the show was [Olgierd](@/w/olgierd.md) from [PpW Ewenement Wrestling](@/o/ppw.md), as a security/staff member.
* [Eryk Lesak](@/w/eryk-lesak.md) presented an unexpected variety of acrobatic moves, earning him a large pop from the audience.
* Moments after losing to [Leon Lato](@/w/leon-lato.md), Lesak threw his championship contract, which he'd won at [Godzina Zero 2025](@/e/kpw/2025-08-22-kpw-godzina-zero-2025.md), into the ring and immediately attacked Lato - only to very quickly lose again. The referee, however, didn't call for the bell, meaning the confrontation didn't count. A [comment][z-kontraktu-nici] by KPW, anwsering a fan's question, stated that Lesak didn't manage to realise the contract and as such, he is still in possession of it and may use it at a later date.
* [Oskar Haller](@/w/oskar-haller.md) got some "Adept Jeden" (_Rookie One_) chants, despite now being a full-fledged member of the roster.
* [Michał Fux](@/w/michal-fux.md) cut a promo airing his grievances regarding the trial at the [last show](@/e/kpw/2026-03-13-kpw-arena-32.md). He stated that he'd always believed in [Zefir](@/w/zefir.md) and known him to be innocent, but had a problem with the fact that [Filip](@/w/filip-fux.md) didn't simply ask him about the suspicious objects found in Michał's luggage. He added that Filip wasn't home for Easter, didn't answer his calls nor replied to his messages. Michał then called for Filip to come out and talk like a man. Instead Chemik walked out of the backstage (mimicking Filip's usual pose) and said that "his friend, Filip Fux" spent Easter at his home, where they "ate [żurek][zupa] and makowiec (poppy seed cake), and [blessed eggs][swieconka] together".
* In response to the crowd's usual chants of [Wejherowo, a gdzie to kurwa jest?](@/a/polish-wrestling-chants.md#wrestler-specific) (_Wejherowo, where the fuck is that?_), he replied with very specific information: "[powiat][powiat] wejherowski, [województwo][wojewodztwo] Pomorskie, Polska, Europa".
* At one point in the match, after being thrown out to the club's floor, Chemik crawled under the ring on all fours, promptly followed by Michał. The two emerged at the opposite side of the ring and continued the fight.
* Chemik grabbed his scarf and threw it at Michał to distract him, and quickly attacked him. As the two tumbled on the ring, the scarf accidentally ended up over Chemik's shoulders, as if by design.
* After beating Michał, Chemik posed for the audience in Filip's typical fashion, reinforcing the notion of the two being in cahoots.
* The ring suffered a malfunction at some point during the first half, forcing the crew to perform emergency repairs during the break. As a result, the break lasted around 35 minutes instead of the planned 10.
* [Markus Paskal](@/w/markus-paskal.md) came out wearing a "Mama Paskala 3:16" (_Paskal's Mum 3:16_) T-shirt, available at the merch stand. His mother was present in the crowd, wearing the same shirt.
* During the fight, Callum Beck told the crowd to get out of their seats, after which he shoved Markus at the promptly-vacated chairs.
* [Kamil Aleksander](@/w/kamil-aleksander.md), Paskal's mentor and trainer, engaged referee Alan in conversation, giving Beck an opening to strike Paskal below the belt and scoring a victory.
* At the beginning of the co-main event the crowd sang [Barka](@/a/polish-wrestling-chants.md#Songs), leaving [Greg](@/w/greg.md) happy and [Hans Schulte](@/w/hans-schulte.md) confused.
* The crowd urged Greg to perform his signature Nipple Twist on Hans Schulte. When he obliged, the audience called for "one more"; the self-proclaimed pope of Polish wrestling then repeated the move, scoring a big pop.
* As [Kinga Miotke](@/w/kinga-miotke.md) was about to introduce [Zefir's](@/w/zefir.md) opponent, [Krystian Malinowski](@/w/krystian-malinowski.md) came out. He called [Zefir](@/w/zefir.md) his friend and hugged him, welcoming him "back home", which greatly confused the masked luchador. Malinowski claimed to have always respected him and acted as if he'd always been on Zefir's side. He couldn't, however, forget the humiliation of [having a cake thrown in his face](@/e/kpw/2025-11-14-kpw-arena-xxx.md). Therefore, as a punishment, he introduced Zefir's opponent in the title match: [Iestyn Rees](@/w/iestyn-rees.md), the Welshman who'd [previously](@/e/kpw/2023-08-18-kpw-godzina-zero-2023.md) beaten [David Oliwa](@/w/david-oliwa.md) in a brutal manner.
* Despite a valiant effort Zefir couldn't best the Alpha Male, who won the title and became the new KPW Champion.
* As Iestyn was leaving the ring, a medical staff member attended Zefir and helped him backstage.

## References

* [Cagematch event page](https://www.cagematch.net/?id=1&nr=448713)

[o-rany-ale-sie-porobilo]: https://www.facebook.com/kpwrestling/posts/pfbid029ZtgXJCPAhb8AZo6k52ojcmquaAWyswVoQKSn19KSdYHnK5rRAYouTpEDPL14tKAl
[analiza-sytuacji]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u_S4TV_EYPU
[zupa]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sour_cereal_soup
[swieconka]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%C5%9Awi%C4%99conka
[powiat]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Powiat
[wojewodztwo]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Voivodeships_of_Poland
[z-kontraktu-nici]: https://www.facebook.com/kpwrestling/posts/pfbid0iJWsGiqeP1KVcsf4qnoPM9bYuGDYKGBH1d2QPm89iz5VgVwFGhUCivBPCf5eHWCvl?comment_id=1022681190714048&reply_comment_id=935423629314867
