+++
title = "PIWG Season I Episode 2"
template = "event_page.html"
authors = ["M3n747"]
[taxonomies]
chronology = ["piwg"]
[extra]
toclevel = 2
city = "Skórcz"
has_video = true
[extra.gallery]
manifest = "@/e/piwg/2009-04-25-piwg-s01e02-gallery.toml"
+++

This was an early backyard show by [Pomerania Indy Wrestling Group](@/o/piwg.md). It was held in a school gym; since there was no ring, the contestants fought on mattresses surrounded on all four sides by other gym equipment.

The show took place on an unspecified date in the early 2009. [Kamil Aleksander](@/w/kamil-aleksander.md) made a [post about the show][post-na-atti] on Attitude Forum on 26.04.2009; the description of the video on YouTube says the date was 2008, however this is likely a typo. The date of 25.04 was chosen arbitrarily for the purposes of this entry and does not accurately reflect the actual date of the event.

{% card() %}
- - '[Rider](@/w/asmund.md)'
  - '[The Seraphim](@/w/kamil-aleksander.md)'
  - n: 'Dubbed "Battle for Honor"'
- credits:
    Referee: '???'
{% end %}

#### Recap

* This is the only PIWG show whose recording is known to still survive.
* The video starts with a brief recap of past events, when Rider attacked Seraphim and challenged him to a fight.
* There was no audio from the match; instead, music was added in post-production.
* The fight was shot with a single camera, from one angle.
* The video ends with a shot of Rider congratulating Seraphim and shaking his hand. Another person sees them and is found out, as the video fades to black.

### References

* [Full show on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NMrsPoIA-R4)
* [Post on Attitude Forum][post-na-atti]

[post-na-atti]: https://forum.wrestling.pl/topic/15001-piwg-sezon-i-epizod-2/
