+++
title = "BWD Show #1"
template = "event_page.html"
authors = ["M3n747"]
[taxonomies]
chronology = ["bwd"]
[extra]
city = "Chrzanów"
toclevel = 2
has_video = false
[extra.gallery]
manifest = "@/e/bwd/2003-07-25-bwd-1-gallery.toml"
+++

This was the first show by [Backyard Wrestling Division](@/o/bwd.md) after they changed their name from Hardcore Wrestling Division. It is unknown in the show had a unique name.	

## Card

{% card() %}
- - 'Obbo'
  - 'KAT (BWD)'
- - 'Kid Crusher'
  - 'Vampirro(c)'
  - c: 'BWD Championship'
- - 'Vampirro'
  - 'Kid Crusher(c)'
  - 'Obbo'
  - c: 'BWD Championship'
    s: Two-on-One Handicap Match 
- credits:
    Referees: 'Kid Crusher, Obbo, Mr. Oko'
    Commentary: '???'
{% end %}

### Recap

* The show took place outdoors; no mattresses were used, the participants simply wrestled on the ground.
* The audio quality of the video is very poor, often making it difficult to make out.
* The cameraman also doubled as a commentator.
* After the first fight, Kid Crusher approached Obbo with the suggestion of forming a tag team, and going after Vampirro and his title. During the second fight, as Vampirro pinned Kid Crusher, Referee Obbo stopped counting a pin after two, prompting an angry reaction from Vampirro. Obbo and Crusher then turned on the champion.
* In the third match there's a sudden cut, going from Vampirro pinning Kid Crusher to standing over him. Presumably, Crusher kicked out.
* Some dogs can be heard barking during the Handicap Match.
* Obbo attacked Referee Mr. Oko, as Kid Crusher was beating up Vampirro. Seconds later, KAT appeared and rushed to help Vampirro - only to turn around and run away. A short while lated he apparently reconsidered and jumped into the fray after all.

## References

* [Post of WrestleFans forum](https://wrestlefans.pl/forum/viewtopic.php?p=8765&sid=2d2b316b1553153ec4949ea6e358e914#p8765) linking to the video. Note that the contents of the post, as pointed out by the users Przemk0 and G0L0B, are completely false and bear no relation to the video itself.
