content/tt/zmowa.md, before:

+++
title = "Zmowa"
template = "team_page.html"
authors = ["Sewi The Referee"]
aliases = ["/a/the-collusion", "/a/zmowa"]
[extra]
toclevel = 3
orgs = ["ppw"]
+++

Zmowa (_The Collusion_) is a villainous professional wrestling stable that performed mainly in [PpW](@/o/ppw.md), while making sporadic appearances in other Polish promotions such as [MZW](@/o/mzw.md). The group's name came from [Biesiad](@/w/biesiad.md), who started using it during his feud with [Mister Z](@/w/mister-z.md), PpW's booker and promotor, and his allies.

<!-- more -->

## History

### PpW Ewenement Wrestling (2023-present)

#### Assembling the team

The beggining of Zmowa dates back to late 2023/early 2024, when the villainous PpW's producer Mister Z formed an alliance with [Gustav Gryffin](@/w/gustav-gryffin.md) and Jakub Linde, Gustav's enforcer. Later on [Rafi](@/w/rafi.md) began cooperating with the group. [Legia Łysych](@/tt/legia-lysych.md) joined Zmowa shortly after their debut at [Ledwo Legalne IV](@/e/ppw/2024-06-08-ppw-ledwo-legalne-4.md) where they defeated Pure Gold. In mid-2024 [Isnorr](@/w/isnorr.md) joined Zmowa as their ultraviolent specialist.

#### Zmowa vs Zmowa Przeciwko Zmowie

It became clear that Zmowa aimed for a total domination in every division of PpW, working together to achieve their goals by supporting each other in matches against their opponents. They become enemies with almost all of the remaining PpW roster, including [Biesiad](@/w/biesiad.md), [Axel Fox](@/w/axel-fox.md), [Goblin](@/w/goblin.md), Pure Gold ([Gabriel Queen](@/w/gabriel-queen.md) & [Vic Golden](@/w/vic-golden.md)), [Samson](@/w/samson.md) and [Johnny Blade](@/w/johnny-blade.md).

After an intense confrontation at [Hardcore Friday 2](@/e/ppw/2024-09-20-ppw-hardcore-friday-2.md), Biesiad announced the formation of an impromptu alliance of babyfaces called "Zmowa Przeciwko Zmowie" (_The Collusion Against The Collusion_) and challenged Zmowa for a tag team match at [Co Za Noc](@/e/ppw/2024-10-26-ppw-co-za-noc.md).

The event saw a 5 vs 5 elimination match of [Biesiad Strong](@/w/biesiad.md), [Vic Golden](@/w/vic-golden.md), [Gabriel Queen](@/w/gabriel-queen.md), [Axel Fox](@/w/axel-fox.md) and [Goblin](@/w/goblin.md) taking on [Mister Z](@/w/mister-z.md), [Olgierd](@/w/olgierd.md), [Marco Hammers](@/w/marco-hammers.md), Jakub Linde and the surprise fifth contender, [Wiktor Longman](@/w/wiktor-longman.md) (in his PpW debut). After a long match all but one wrestler on each side were eliminated, leaving only [Goblin](@/w/goblin.md) and [Olgierd](@/w/olgierd.md). Eventually Goblin scored pinned his opponent, thus defeating Zmowa. This left the stable visibly damaged, but despite that Zmowa remained active in the federation, its members often cooperating with each other in their personal feuds throughout PpW. 

#### Cracks in Zmowa

Goblin's victory in the 20 Typa 20 Broni Match at [Teraz Albo Nigdy](@/e/ppw/2025-03-15-ppw-teraz-albo-nigdy.md) meant that Gustav would have to face his old nemesis one last time. During the road to [Ledwo Legalne 5](@/e/ppw/2025-06-07-ppw-ledwo-legalne-5.md) Zmowa had many ups and downs on their path. Isnorr suffered a serious injury during the 20 Typa 20 Broni Match and after further examination it was revealed that he would have to retire from professional wrestling. Mister Z still feuded with Biesiad, using PM Shooter mercenaries as his bodyguards, creating a whole [new saga](@/a/pm-shooter-saga.md). In the meantime he was still trying to convince Axel Fox to leave his friend Goblin and join Zmowa. When Fox declined time and again, Mister Z used his wardogs from Legia Łysych to put Axel down.

At Ledwo Legalne 5 everything seemed to go well for Zmowa. Olgierd demolished Axel in a Singles Match, Marco gained a lot of confidence after - allegedly - murdering [Sambor](@/w/sambor.md) in a Ladder Match, and Mister Z finally finished off Biesiad Strong in his own stipulation, the Cieśla Match. In the main event, however, it was Goblin who emerged victorious from a brutal match against Gustav, snatching the PpW Championship from Zmowa's claws.

This devastating blow caused Gustav to lose all his confidence, which he was unable to regain. He lost to Biesiad at [Turniej TypeShit](@/e/ppw/2025-07-05-ppw-turniej-typeshit.md), and - more shockingly - to [Sentinel](@/w/sentinel.md) at [Hardcore Friday Turniej TypeShit](@/e/ppw/2025-08-15-ppw-hardcore-friday-turniej-typeshit.md) a month later. Gryffin became the victim of mental abuse from fellow Zmowa members, who lost all their respect for him. Olgierd seemed to become Zmowa's new prospect, simultaneously becoming more and more violent, while Mister Z started to look for fresh blood in the PpW roster.

At [Mistrzowskie Rozdanie 2](@/e/ppw/2025-09-20-ppw-mistrzowskie-rozdanie-2.md) came the final straw. During the planned "Zmowa show of dominance" Gustav snapped and attacked both Mister Z and Marco, finally turning on Zmowa.

#### New and better Zmowa

Not long after, at [Surowy Klimat](@/e/ppw/2025-11-08-ppw-surowy-klimat.md), [Axel Fox](@/w/axel-fox.md) betrayed [Goblin](@/w/goblin.md) by refusing to tag in and allowing [Olgierd](@/w/olgierd.md) to score a pin, after which he shook the hand offered to him by [Mister Z](@/w/mister-z.md), thus joining [Zmowa](@/tt/zmowa.md). At [Duch Świąt, Smak Krwi](@/e/ppw/2025-12-06-ppw-duch-swiat-smak-krwi.md) he climbed on top of PpW's hierarchy once again after Olgierd won the PpW Championship from Goblin. Mister Z also announced Zmowa's intent to become the inaugural [PpW Tag Team Champions](@/c/ppw-tag-team-championship.md) (most probably in accordance with the [Freebird Rule][freebird-rule]), as Mister Z and Axel Fox defeated Biesiad and [Stanisław Van Dobroniak](@/w/stanislaw-van-dobroniak.md) in a qualifying match.

## Members

#### Current

* [Mister Z](@/w/mister-z.md) - the leader of Zmowa
* [Olgierd](@/w/olgierd.md) - [Legia Łysych](@/tt/legia-lysych.md)
* [Marco Hammers](@/w/marco-hammers.md) - [Legia Łysych](@/tt/legia-lysych.md)
* [Axel Fox](@/w/axel-fox.md)

#### Former and part-time

* [Jakub Linde](@/w/jakub-linde.md) - part-time personal trainer ([Ewenement Haze](@/e/ppw/2024-04-20-ppw-ewenement-haze.md) - [Co Za Noc](@/e/ppw/2024-10-26-ppw-co-za-noc.md)) 
* [Rafi](@/w/rafi.md) - part-time associate ([Ledwo Legalne IV](@/e/ppw/2024-06-08-ppw-ledwo-legalne-4.md) - [Ale Grzeje](@/e/ppw/2024-07-13-ppw-ale-grzeje.md))
* [Wiktor Longman](@/w/wiktor-longman.md) - associate ([Co Za Noc](@/e/ppw/2024-10-26-ppw-co-za-noc.md))
* [Isnorr](@/w/isnorr.md) - ultraviolent specialist ([Harcore Friday X4](@/e/ppw/2024-08-23-ppw-hardcore-friday-x4.md) - [Ostatnia Prosta](@/e/ppw/2025-04-30-ppw-ostatnia-prosta.md)
* [Gustav Gryffin](@/w/gustav-gryffin.md) - the face of the company ([Miasto Bezprawia](@/e/ppw/2024-02-10-ppw-miasto-bezprawia.md) - [Mistrzowskie Rozdanie 2](@/e/ppw/2025-09-20-ppw-mistrzowskie-rozdanie-2.md))

## In wrestling

* Entrance music:

  - "100 joints" by 2 Chainz
    {{ org_badge(orgs=['ppw']) }} (2025-) <br>
    {{ music(yt='NXX3mxDA26s')}}
    {{ music(spot='0VNRyH6wmpfQn82COyaL87')}}
    {{ music(apple='1440826084?i=1440826489')}}

## Championships and accomplishments

* [PpW Ewenement](@/o/ppw.md):
  - [PpW Championship](@/c/ppw-championship.md) (2 times) - [Gustav Gryffin](@/w/gustav-gryffin.md) (1), [Olgierd](@/w/olgierd.md) (1; current)
  - [PpW European Ultraviolent Championship](@/c/ppw-european-ultraviolent-championship.md) (1 time) - [Isnorr](@/w/isnorr.md)
  - [PTW Intergender Championship](@/c/ptw-intergender-championship.md) (2 times) - [Marco Hammers](@/w/marco-hammers.md)
 
* [Maniac Zone Wrestling](@/o/mzw.md):
  - MZW/PpW Opportunity Briefcase (1 time) - [Mister Z](@/w/mister-z.md)

[freebird-rule]: https://prowrestling.fandom.com/wiki/Freebird_Rule

Commit message:

Wyniki Legacy 4 (#2243)
* Wyniki Legacy 4

* Aktualizacja teczki Foksa

* typo

* literki

* Emerytura Ani

* staff workers

* Update stats

* Update zieloni.md

* Update axel-fox.md

* Update zmowa.md

* Dwie literki

* Jeszcze dwie literki

* inaugural/current

* Zbędne odstępy między akapitami

* Literki

---------

Co-authored-by: SewiTheRef <alevasplay@gmail.com>

content/tt/zmowa.md, after:

+++
title = "Zmowa"
template = "team_page.html"
authors = ["Sewi The Referee"]
aliases = ["/a/the-collusion", "/a/zmowa"]
[extra]
toclevel = 3
orgs = ["ppw"]
+++

Zmowa (_The Collusion_) is a villainous professional wrestling stable that performed mainly in [PpW](@/o/ppw.md), while making sporadic appearances in other Polish promotions such as [MZW](@/o/mzw.md). The group's name came from [Biesiad](@/w/biesiad.md), who started using it during his feud with [Mister Z](@/w/mister-z.md), PpW's booker and promotor, and his allies.

<!-- more -->

## History

### PpW Ewenement Wrestling (2023-present)

#### Assembling the team

The beggining of Zmowa dates back to late 2023/early 2024, when the villainous PpW's producer Mister Z formed an alliance with [Gustav Gryffin](@/w/gustav-gryffin.md) and Jakub Linde, Gustav's enforcer. Later on [Rafi](@/w/rafi.md) began cooperating with the group. [Legia Łysych](@/tt/legia-lysych.md) joined Zmowa shortly after their debut at [Ledwo Legalne IV](@/e/ppw/2024-06-08-ppw-ledwo-legalne-4.md) where they defeated Pure Gold. In mid-2024 [Isnorr](@/w/isnorr.md) joined Zmowa as their ultraviolent specialist.

#### Zmowa vs Zmowa Przeciwko Zmowie

It became clear that Zmowa aimed for a total domination in every division of PpW, working together to achieve their goals by supporting each other in matches against their opponents. They become enemies with almost all of the remaining PpW roster, including [Biesiad](@/w/biesiad.md), [Axel Fox](@/w/axel-fox.md), [Goblin](@/w/goblin.md), Pure Gold ([Gabriel Queen](@/w/gabriel-queen.md) & [Vic Golden](@/w/vic-golden.md)), [Samson](@/w/samson.md) and [Johnny Blade](@/w/johnny-blade.md).

After an intense confrontation at [Hardcore Friday 2](@/e/ppw/2024-09-20-ppw-hardcore-friday-2.md), Biesiad announced the formation of an impromptu alliance of babyfaces called "Zmowa Przeciwko Zmowie" (_The Collusion Against The Collusion_) and challenged Zmowa for a tag team match at [Co Za Noc](@/e/ppw/2024-10-26-ppw-co-za-noc.md).

The event saw a 5 vs 5 elimination match of [Biesiad Strong](@/w/biesiad.md), [Vic Golden](@/w/vic-golden.md), [Gabriel Queen](@/w/gabriel-queen.md), [Axel Fox](@/w/axel-fox.md) and [Goblin](@/w/goblin.md) taking on [Mister Z](@/w/mister-z.md), [Olgierd](@/w/olgierd.md), [Marco Hammers](@/w/marco-hammers.md), Jakub Linde and the surprise fifth contender, [Wiktor Longman](@/w/wiktor-longman.md) (in his PpW debut). After a long match all but one wrestler on each side were eliminated, leaving only [Goblin](@/w/goblin.md) and [Olgierd](@/w/olgierd.md). Eventually Goblin scored pinned his opponent, thus defeating Zmowa. This left the stable visibly damaged, but despite that Zmowa remained active in the federation, its members often cooperating with each other in their personal feuds throughout PpW. 

#### Cracks in Zmowa

Goblin's victory in the 20 Typa 20 Broni Match at [Teraz Albo Nigdy](@/e/ppw/2025-03-15-ppw-teraz-albo-nigdy.md) meant that Gustav would have to face his old nemesis one last time. During the road to [Ledwo Legalne 5](@/e/ppw/2025-06-07-ppw-ledwo-legalne-5.md) Zmowa had many ups and downs on their path. Isnorr suffered a serious injury during the 20 Typa 20 Broni Match and after further examination it was revealed that he would have to retire from professional wrestling. Mister Z still feuded with Biesiad, using PM Shooter mercenaries as his bodyguards, creating a whole [new saga](@/a/pm-shooter-saga.md). In the meantime he was still trying to convince Axel Fox to leave his friend Goblin and join Zmowa. When Fox declined time and again, Mister Z used his wardogs from Legia Łysych to put Axel down.

At Ledwo Legalne 5 everything seemed to go well for Zmowa. Olgierd demolished Axel in a Singles Match, Marco gained a lot of confidence after - allegedly - murdering [Sambor](@/w/sambor.md) in a Ladder Match, and Mister Z finally finished off Biesiad Strong in his own stipulation, the Cieśla Match. In the main event, however, it was Goblin who emerged victorious from a brutal match against Gustav, snatching the PpW Championship from Zmowa's claws.

This devastating blow caused Gustav to lose all his confidence, which he was unable to regain. He lost to Biesiad at [Turniej TypeShit](@/e/ppw/2025-07-05-ppw-turniej-typeshit.md), and - more shockingly - to [Sentinel](@/w/sentinel.md) at [Hardcore Friday Turniej TypeShit](@/e/ppw/2025-08-15-ppw-hardcore-friday-turniej-typeshit.md) a month later. Gryffin became the victim of mental abuse from fellow Zmowa members, who lost all their respect for him. Olgierd seemed to become Zmowa's new prospect, simultaneously becoming more and more violent, while Mister Z started to look for fresh blood in the PpW roster.

At [Mistrzowskie Rozdanie 2](@/e/ppw/2025-09-20-ppw-mistrzowskie-rozdanie-2.md) came the final straw. During the planned "Zmowa show of dominance" Gustav snapped and attacked both Mister Z and Marco, finally turning on Zmowa.

#### New and better Zmowa

Not long after, at [Surowy Klimat](@/e/ppw/2025-11-08-ppw-surowy-klimat.md), [Axel Fox](@/w/axel-fox.md) betrayed [Goblin](@/w/goblin.md) by refusing to tag in and allowing [Olgierd](@/w/olgierd.md) to score a pin, after which he shook the hand offered to him by [Mister Z](@/w/mister-z.md), thus joining [Zmowa](@/tt/zmowa.md). At [Duch Świąt, Smak Krwi](@/e/ppw/2025-12-06-ppw-duch-swiat-smak-krwi.md) he climbed on top of PpW's hierarchy once again after Olgierd won the PpW Championship from Goblin. Mister Z also announced Zmowa's intent to become the inaugural [PpW Tag Team Champions](@/c/ppw-tag-team-championship.md) (most probably in accordance with the [Freebird Rule][freebird-rule]), as Mister Z and Axel Fox defeated Biesiad and [Stanisław Van Dobroniak](@/w/stanislaw-van-dobroniak.md) in a qualifying match.

## Members

#### Current

* [Mister Z](@/w/mister-z.md) - the leader of Zmowa
* [Olgierd](@/w/olgierd.md) - [Legia Łysych](@/tt/legia-lysych.md)
* [Marco Hammers](@/w/marco-hammers.md) - [Legia Łysych](@/tt/legia-lysych.md)
* [Axel Fox](@/w/axel-fox.md)

#### Former and part-time

* [Jakub Linde](@/w/jakub-linde.md) - part-time personal trainer ([Ewenement Haze](@/e/ppw/2024-04-20-ppw-ewenement-haze.md) - [Co Za Noc](@/e/ppw/2024-10-26-ppw-co-za-noc.md)) 
* [Rafi](@/w/rafi.md) - part-time associate ([Ledwo Legalne IV](@/e/ppw/2024-06-08-ppw-ledwo-legalne-4.md) - [Ale Grzeje](@/e/ppw/2024-07-13-ppw-ale-grzeje.md))
* [Wiktor Longman](@/w/wiktor-longman.md) - associate ([Co Za Noc](@/e/ppw/2024-10-26-ppw-co-za-noc.md))
* [Isnorr](@/w/isnorr.md) - ultraviolent specialist ([Harcore Friday X4](@/e/ppw/2024-08-23-ppw-hardcore-friday-x4.md) - [Ostatnia Prosta](@/e/ppw/2025-04-30-ppw-ostatnia-prosta.md)
* [Gustav Gryffin](@/w/gustav-gryffin.md) - the face of the company ([Miasto Bezprawia](@/e/ppw/2024-02-10-ppw-miasto-bezprawia.md) - [Mistrzowskie Rozdanie 2](@/e/ppw/2025-09-20-ppw-mistrzowskie-rozdanie-2.md))

## In wrestling

* Entrance music:

  - "100 joints" by 2 Chainz
    {{ org_badge(orgs=['ppw']) }} (2025-) <br>
    {{ music(yt='NXX3mxDA26s')}}
    {{ music(spot='0VNRyH6wmpfQn82COyaL87')}}
    {{ music(apple='1440826084?i=1440826489')}}

## Championships and accomplishments

* [PpW Ewenement](@/o/ppw.md):
  - [PpW Championship](@/c/ppw-championship.md) (2 times) - [Gustav Gryffin](@/w/gustav-gryffin.md) (1), [Olgierd](@/w/olgierd.md) (1; current)
  - [PpW European Ultraviolent Championship](@/c/ppw-european-ultraviolent-championship.md) (1 time) - [Isnorr](@/w/isnorr.md)
  - [PTW Intergender Championship](@/c/ptw-intergender-championship.md) (2 times) - [Marco Hammers](@/w/marco-hammers.md)
* [Maniac Zone Wrestling](@/o/mzw.md):
  - MZW/PpW Opportunity Briefcase (1 time) - [Mister Z](@/w/mister-z.md)
* [Legacy of Wrestling](@/o/low.md):
  - [Legacy of Wrestling European Championship](@/c/low-european-championship.md) (1 time; inaugural; current) - [Axel Fox](@/w/axel-fox.md)
  - Road to the Title Tournament (2025) - Axel Fox

[freebird-rule]: https://prowrestling.fandom.com/wiki/Freebird_Rule
