content/c/kpw-tag-team-championship.md, before:

+++
title = "KPW Tag Team Championship"
template = "article.html"
weight = 0
authors = ["M3n747"]
[extra]
toclevel=2
[extra.gallery]
1 = { path = "kpw-tag-team-belts-closeup.jpg", caption = 'Close-up of the Tag Team Championships.', source = "Dawid Kucharski, MyWrestling.com.pl" }
2 = { path = "kpw-tag-team-belt.jpg", caption = "[Michał Fux](@/w/michal-fux.md) wearing his tag team belt at [KPW Arena 24](@/e/kpw/2024-02-16-kpw-arena-24.md).", source = "MFotografika" }
3 = { path = "pas-kpw-tt-na-ug.webp", caption = "Close-up of [Filip Fux's](@/w/filip-fux.md) Championship, taken at the University of Gdańsk Film Centre.", source = "Alan Lisewski" }
+++

The KPW Tag Team Championship is the Tag Team division championship of [Kombat Pro Wrestling](@/o/kpw.md), introduced in 2018.

<!-- more -->

## Statistics

* First champions: [Sawicki](@/w/sawicki.md) & [Victor Rosetti](@/w/rosetti.md)
* Most reigns: N/A
* Longest reign: The Hunt: Primate & Wild Boar (959 days)
* Shortest reign: [Die Ordnung](@/tt/die-ordnung.md): [Hans Schulte](@/w/hans-schulte.md) & [Veit Müller](@/w/veit-mueller.md) (335 days)
* Heaviest champion: [Sawicki & Rosetti](@/tt/sawicki-rosetti.md) (216&nbsp;kg combined)
* Lightest champion: [The Hunt](@/tt/the-hunt.md) (188&nbsp;kg combined)

## Title history

### Champions #1: Sawicki & Victor Rosetti

{% free_card() %}
- - "[Sawicki](@/w/sawicki.md) & [Victor Rosetti](@/w/rosetti.md)"
  - "Boska Oliwa: [David Oliwa](@/w/david-oliwa.md) & [Boski Ostrowski](@/w/ostrowski.md)"
  - s: Tag Team Match
    en: '[KPW Arena 11: Podwójne Zagrożenie](@/e/kpw/2018-11-03-kpw-arena-11.md)'
    ed: 2018-11-03
- - "Sawicki & Victor Rosetti (c)"
  - "[Fynn Freyhart](@/w/fynn-freyhart.md) & [Kamil Aleksander](@/w/kamil-aleksander.md)"
  - s: Tag Team Match
    en: '[KPW Arena 13: Capo di Tutti Cappi](@/e/kpw/2019-04-05-kpw-arena-13.md)'
    ed: 2019-04-05
- - "Sawicki & Victor Rosetti (c)"
  - "Carlos Zamora & Steinbolt"
  - s: Tag Team Match
    en: '[Godzina Zero 2019](@/e/kpw/2019-08-17-kpw-godzina-zero-2019.md)'
    ed: 2019-08-17
- - "[The Hunt](@/tt/the-hunt.md): [Primate](@/w/primate.md) & [Wild Boar](@/w/wild-boar.md)"
  - "Sawicki & Victor Rosetti (c)"
  - s: Tag Team Match
    en: '[KPW Arena 16: Polowanie](@/e/kpw/2020-02-01-kpw-arena-16.md)'
    ed: 2020-02-01
{% end %}

**TOTAL:** 455 days.

### Champions #2: The Hunt: Primate & Wild Boar

{% free_card() %}
- - "[The Hunt](@/tt/the-hunt.md): [Primate](@/w/primate.md) & [Wild Boar](@/w/wild-boar.md)"
  - "[Sawicki](@/w/sawicki.md) & [Victor Rosetti](@/w/rosetti.md) (c)"
  - s: Tag Team Match
    en: '[KPW Arena 16: Polowanie](@/e/kpw/2020-02-01-kpw-arena-16.md)'
    ed: 2020-02-01
- - "[Die Ordnung](@/tt/die-ordnung.md): [Hans Schulte](@/w/hans-schulte.md) & [Veit Müller](@/w/veit-mueller.md)"
  - "Primate & Tommy Freeman"
  - "[Bracia Fux](@/tt/bracia-fux.md): [Filip Fux](@/w/filip-fux.md) & [Michał Fux](@/w/michal-fux.md)"
  - "[Chemik](@/w/chemik.md) & [Eryk Lesak](@/w/eryk-lesak.md)"
  - s: Four-Way Elimination Match
    en: '[Godzina Zero 2022](@/e/kpw/2022-09-17-kpw-godzina-zero-2022.md)'
    ed: 2022-09-17
{% end %}

**TOTAL:** 959 days.

Over 500 days of The Hunt's title run fell on the COVID-19 pandemic.

Wild Boar was injured a couple of days before the event and was replaced by Tommy Freeman. The Tag Team belts were therefore vacated during the show.

### Champions #3: Die Ordnung: Hans Schulte & Veit Müller

{% free_card() %}
- - "[Die Ordnung](@/tt/die-ordnung.md): [Hans Schulte](@/w/hans-schulte.md) & [Veit Müller](@/w/veit-mueller.md)"
  - "[Primate](@/w/primate.md) & Tommy Freeman"
  - "[Bracia Fux](@/tt/bracia-fux.md): [Filip Fux](@/w/filip-fux.md) & [Michał Fux](@/w/michal-fux.md)"
  - "[Chemik](@/w/chemik.md) & [Eryk Lesak](@/w/eryk-lesak.md)"
  - s: Four-Way Elimination Match
    en: '[Godzina Zero 2022](@/e/kpw/2022-09-17-kpw-godzina-zero-2022.md)'
    ed: 2022-09-17
- - "Die Ordnung: Hans Schulte & Veit Müller (c)"
  - "Bracia Fux: Filip Fux & Michał Fux"
  - s: Tag Team Match
    en: '[KPW Arena 20: Świąteczna Awantura](@/e/kpw/2022-12-16-kpw-arena-20.md)'
    ed: 2022-12-16
- - "Die Ordnung: Hans Schulte & Veit Müller (c)"
  - "[Leon Lato](@/w/leon-lato.md) & [Zefir](@/w/zefir.md)"
  - s: Tag Team Match
    en: '[KPW Arena 21: Stara Szkoła](@/e/kpw/2023-02-24-kpw-arena-21.md)'
    ed: 2023-02-24
- - "Bracia Fux: Filip Fux & Michał Fux"
  - "Die Ordnung: Hans Schulte & Veit Müller (c)"
  - s: Tag Team Match
    en: '[KPW Godzina Zero 2023](@/e/kpw/2023-08-18-kpw-godzina-zero-2023.md)'
    ed: 2023-08-18
{% end %}

**TOTAL:** 335 days.

### Champions #4: Bracia Fux: Filip Fux & Michał Fux

{% free_card() %}
- - "[Bracia Fux](@/tt/bracia-fux.md): [Filip Fux](@/w/filip-fux.md) & [Michał Fux](@/w/michal-fux.md)"
  - "[Die Ordnung](@/tt/die-ordnung.md): [Hans Schulte](@/w/hans-schulte.md) & [Veit Müller](@/w/veit-mueller.md) (c)"
  - s: Tag Team Match
    en: '[KPW Godzina Zero 2023](@/e/kpw/2023-08-18-kpw-godzina-zero-2023.md)'
    ed: 2023-08-18
- - "Bracia Fux: Filip Fux & Michał Fux (c)"
  - "[Chemik](@/w/chemik.md) & [Eryk Lesak](@/w/eryk-lesak.md)"
  - s: Tag Team Match
    en: '[KPW Arena 24: Zagrożenie Lawinowe](@/e/kpw/2024-02-16-kpw-arena-24.md)'
    ed: 2024-02-16
- - "Bracia Fux: Filip Fux & Michał Fux (c)"
  - "The 87: Alexander Roth & Roy Johnson"
  - s: Tag-Team Match
    en: '[KPW Godzina Zero 2024](@/e/kpw/2024-09-07-kpw-godzina-zero-2024.md)'
    ed: 2024-09-07
- - "Bracia Fux: Filip Fux & Michał Fux (c)"
  - "Chemik & Hans Schulte"
  - s: Tag-Team Match
    en: '[KPW @ Pyrkon 2025](@/e/kpw/2025-06-14-kpw-pyrkon-2025.md)'
    ed: 2025-06-14
- - "Bracia Fux: Filip Fux & Michał Fux (c)"
  - "Tribe of Wrath: Barbarossa & Curtis Black"
  - s: Tag-Team Match
    en: '[KPW Arena 29: Czas Antenowy](@/e/kpw/2025-06-20-kpw-arena-29.md)'
    ed: 2025-04-06
- - '[Team Visegrad](@/tt/team-visegrad.md): [David Oliwa](@/w/david-oliwa.md) & [Ricky Sky](@/w/ricky-sky.md)'
  - 'Bracia Fux: Filip Fux & Michał Fux (c)'
  - s: Tag-Team Match
    en: '[KPW Godzina Zero 2025](@/e/kpw/2025-08-22-kpw-godzina-zero-2025.md)'
    ed: 2025-08-22
{% end %}

**TOTAL:** 735 days.

### Champions #5: Team Visegrad: David Oliwa & Ricky Sky

{% free_card() %}
- - '[Team Visegrad](@/tt/team-visegrad.md): [David Oliwa](@/w/david-oliwa.md) & [Ricky Sky](@/w/ricky-sky.md)'
  - '[Bracia Fux](@/tt/bracia-fux.md): [Filip Fux](@/w/filip-fux.md) & [Michał Fux](@/w/michal-fux.md) (c)'
  - s: Tag-Team Match
    en: '[KPW Godzina Zero 2025](@/e/kpw/2025-08-22-kpw-godzina-zero-2025.md)'
    ed: 2025-08-22
{% end %}

## References

* Detailed [KPW champions list](https://pl.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedysta:M3n747/brudnopis/mistrzowiekpw) on Wikipedia (in Polish)

Commit message:

Update championships (#2103)
* Update kpw-tag-team-championship.md

* Yo check it, grammer stuff, dawg!

* Update ptw-underground-championship.md

* Update content/c/ptw-underground-championship.md

* Update content/c/ptw-underground-championship.md

---------

Co-authored-by: M3n747 <115824993+M3n747@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Krzysztof Zych <k33rni@gmail.com>

content/c/kpw-tag-team-championship.md, after:

+++
title = "KPW Tag Team Championship"
template = "article.html"
weight = 0
authors = ["M3n747", "Sewi The Referee"]
[extra]
toclevel=2
[extra.gallery]
1 = { path = "kpw-tag-team-belts-closeup.jpg", caption = 'Close-up of the Tag Team Championships.', source = "Dawid Kucharski, MyWrestling.com.pl" }
2 = { path = "kpw-tag-team-belt.jpg", caption = "[Michał Fux](@/w/michal-fux.md) wearing his tag team belt at [KPW Arena 24](@/e/kpw/2024-02-16-kpw-arena-24.md).", source = "MFotografika" }
3 = { path = "pas-kpw-tt-na-ug.webp", caption = "Close-up of [Filip Fux's](@/w/filip-fux.md) Championship, taken at the University of Gdańsk Film Centre.", source = "Alan Lisewski" }
+++

The KPW Tag Team Championship is the Tag Team division championship of [Kombat Pro Wrestling](@/o/kpw.md), introduced in 2018.

<!-- more -->

## Statistics

* First champions: [Sawicki](@/w/sawicki.md) & [Victor Rosetti](@/w/rosetti.md)
* Most reigns: N/A
* Longest reign: The Hunt: Primate & Wild Boar (959 days)
* Shortest reign: [Die Ordnung](@/tt/die-ordnung.md): [Hans Schulte](@/w/hans-schulte.md) & [Veit Müller](@/w/veit-mueller.md) (335 days)
* Heaviest champion: [Sawicki & Rosetti](@/tt/sawicki-rosetti.md) (216&nbsp;kg combined)
* Lightest champion: [The Hunt](@/tt/the-hunt.md) (188&nbsp;kg combined)

## Belt design

Each KPW Tag Team Championship belt has a big main plate in silver hue. In the very centre of the main plate there is black eliptical background with the KPW logo on it. The main plate is completed by "Tag Team" and "Champion" presented above and below the logo, respectively. Additionally, the main plate also has multiple black ornaments and a few blue gem-like points, most likely masking screws. The side plates are much smaller than the main plate itself, and each consists of the KPW logo with "Tag Team Champion" below it. 

The plates are made of acrylic, with silver and black laminate giving the plates colour. The strap itself is made from black leather.

## Title history

### Champions #1: Sawicki & Victor Rosetti

{% free_card() %}
- - "[Sawicki](@/w/sawicki.md) & [Victor Rosetti](@/w/rosetti.md)"
  - "Boska Oliwa: [David Oliwa](@/w/david-oliwa.md) & [Boski Ostrowski](@/w/ostrowski.md)"
  - s: Tag Team Match
    en: '[KPW Arena 11: Podwójne Zagrożenie](@/e/kpw/2018-11-03-kpw-arena-11.md)'
    ed: 2018-11-03
- - "Sawicki & Victor Rosetti (c)"
  - "[Fynn Freyhart](@/w/fynn-freyhart.md) & [Kamil Aleksander](@/w/kamil-aleksander.md)"
  - s: Tag Team Match
    en: '[KPW Arena 13: Capo di Tutti Cappi](@/e/kpw/2019-04-05-kpw-arena-13.md)'
    ed: 2019-04-05
- - "Sawicki & Victor Rosetti (c)"
  - "Carlos Zamora & Steinbolt"
  - s: Tag Team Match
    en: '[Godzina Zero 2019](@/e/kpw/2019-08-17-kpw-godzina-zero-2019.md)'
    ed: 2019-08-17
- - "[The Hunt](@/tt/the-hunt.md): [Primate](@/w/primate.md) & [Wild Boar](@/w/wild-boar.md)"
  - "Sawicki & Victor Rosetti (c)"
  - s: Tag Team Match
    en: '[KPW Arena 16: Polowanie](@/e/kpw/2020-02-01-kpw-arena-16.md)'
    ed: 2020-02-01
{% end %}

**TOTAL:** 455 days.

### Champions #2: The Hunt: Primate & Wild Boar

{% free_card() %}
- - "[The Hunt](@/tt/the-hunt.md): [Primate](@/w/primate.md) & [Wild Boar](@/w/wild-boar.md)"
  - "[Sawicki](@/w/sawicki.md) & [Victor Rosetti](@/w/rosetti.md) (c)"
  - s: Tag Team Match
    en: '[KPW Arena 16: Polowanie](@/e/kpw/2020-02-01-kpw-arena-16.md)'
    ed: 2020-02-01
- - "[Die Ordnung](@/tt/die-ordnung.md): [Hans Schulte](@/w/hans-schulte.md) & [Veit Müller](@/w/veit-mueller.md)"
  - "Primate & Tommy Freeman"
  - "[Bracia Fux](@/tt/bracia-fux.md): [Filip Fux](@/w/filip-fux.md) & [Michał Fux](@/w/michal-fux.md)"
  - "[Chemik](@/w/chemik.md) & [Eryk Lesak](@/w/eryk-lesak.md)"
  - s: Four-Way Elimination Match
    en: '[Godzina Zero 2022](@/e/kpw/2022-09-17-kpw-godzina-zero-2022.md)'
    ed: 2022-09-17
{% end %}

**TOTAL:** 959 days.

Over 500 days of The Hunt's title run fell on the COVID-19 pandemic.

Wild Boar was injured a couple of days before the event and was replaced by Tommy Freeman. The Tag Team belts were therefore vacated during the show.

### Champions #3: Die Ordnung: Hans Schulte & Veit Müller

{% free_card() %}
- - "[Die Ordnung](@/tt/die-ordnung.md): [Hans Schulte](@/w/hans-schulte.md) & [Veit Müller](@/w/veit-mueller.md)"
  - "[Primate](@/w/primate.md) & Tommy Freeman"
  - "[Bracia Fux](@/tt/bracia-fux.md): [Filip Fux](@/w/filip-fux.md) & [Michał Fux](@/w/michal-fux.md)"
  - "[Chemik](@/w/chemik.md) & [Eryk Lesak](@/w/eryk-lesak.md)"
  - s: Four-Way Elimination Match
    en: '[Godzina Zero 2022](@/e/kpw/2022-09-17-kpw-godzina-zero-2022.md)'
    ed: 2022-09-17
- - "Die Ordnung: Hans Schulte & Veit Müller (c)"
  - "Bracia Fux: Filip Fux & Michał Fux"
  - s: Tag Team Match
    en: '[KPW Arena 20: Świąteczna Awantura](@/e/kpw/2022-12-16-kpw-arena-20.md)'
    ed: 2022-12-16
- - "Die Ordnung: Hans Schulte & Veit Müller (c)"
  - "[Leon Lato](@/w/leon-lato.md) & [Zefir](@/w/zefir.md)"
  - s: Tag Team Match
    en: '[KPW Arena 21: Stara Szkoła](@/e/kpw/2023-02-24-kpw-arena-21.md)'
    ed: 2023-02-24
- - "Bracia Fux: Filip Fux & Michał Fux"
  - "Die Ordnung: Hans Schulte & Veit Müller (c)"
  - s: Tag Team Match
    en: '[KPW Godzina Zero 2023](@/e/kpw/2023-08-18-kpw-godzina-zero-2023.md)'
    ed: 2023-08-18
{% end %}

**TOTAL:** 335 days.

### Champions #4: Bracia Fux: Filip Fux & Michał Fux

{% free_card() %}
- - "[Bracia Fux](@/tt/bracia-fux.md): [Filip Fux](@/w/filip-fux.md) & [Michał Fux](@/w/michal-fux.md)"
  - "[Die Ordnung](@/tt/die-ordnung.md): [Hans Schulte](@/w/hans-schulte.md) & [Veit Müller](@/w/veit-mueller.md) (c)"
  - s: Tag Team Match
    en: '[KPW Godzina Zero 2023](@/e/kpw/2023-08-18-kpw-godzina-zero-2023.md)'
    ed: 2023-08-18
- - "Bracia Fux: Filip Fux & Michał Fux (c)"
  - "[Chemik](@/w/chemik.md) & [Eryk Lesak](@/w/eryk-lesak.md)"
  - s: Tag Team Match
    en: '[KPW Arena 24: Zagrożenie Lawinowe](@/e/kpw/2024-02-16-kpw-arena-24.md)'
    ed: 2024-02-16
- - "Bracia Fux: Filip Fux & Michał Fux (c)"
  - "The 87: Alexander Roth & Roy Johnson"
  - s: Tag-Team Match
    en: '[KPW Godzina Zero 2024](@/e/kpw/2024-09-07-kpw-godzina-zero-2024.md)'
    ed: 2024-09-07
- - "Bracia Fux: Filip Fux & Michał Fux (c)"
  - "Chemik & Hans Schulte"
  - s: Tag-Team Match
    en: '[KPW @ Pyrkon 2025](@/e/kpw/2025-06-14-kpw-pyrkon-2025.md)'
    ed: 2025-06-14
- - "Bracia Fux: Filip Fux & Michał Fux (c)"
  - "Tribe of Wrath: Barbarossa & Curtis Black"
  - s: Tag-Team Match
    en: '[KPW Arena 29: Czas Antenowy](@/e/kpw/2025-06-20-kpw-arena-29.md)'
    ed: 2025-04-06
- - '[Team Visegrad](@/tt/team-visegrad.md): [David Oliwa](@/w/david-oliwa.md) & [Ricky Sky](@/w/ricky-sky.md)'
  - 'Bracia Fux: Filip Fux & Michał Fux (c)'
  - s: Tag-Team Match
    en: '[KPW Godzina Zero 2025](@/e/kpw/2025-08-22-kpw-godzina-zero-2025.md)'
    ed: 2025-08-22
{% end %}

**TOTAL:** 735 days.

### Champions #5: Team Visegrad: David Oliwa & Ricky Sky

{% free_card() %}
- - '[Team Visegrad](@/tt/team-visegrad.md): [David Oliwa](@/w/david-oliwa.md) & [Ricky Sky](@/w/ricky-sky.md)'
  - '[Bracia Fux](@/tt/bracia-fux.md): [Filip Fux](@/w/filip-fux.md) & [Michał Fux](@/w/michal-fux.md) (c)'
  - s: Tag-Team Match
    en: '[KPW Godzina Zero 2025](@/e/kpw/2025-08-22-kpw-godzina-zero-2025.md)'
    ed: 2025-08-22
{% end %}

## References

* Detailed [KPW champions list](https://pl.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedysta:M3n747/brudnopis/mistrzowiekpw) on Wikipedia (in Polish)
