content/c/ppw-tag-team-championship.md, before:

+++
title = "PpW Tag Team Championship"
template = "article.html"
weight = 0
authors = ["M3n747", "Sewi The Referee"]
[extra]
toclevel=2
[extra.gallery]
1 = { path = "ppw-tt-belts-fb.webp", caption = "Official announcement of the Championship.", source = "Official PpW Facebook" }
2 = { path = "pasy-na-dywanie.jpg", caption = "Closer look at the belt.", source = "Mister Z" }
3 = { path = "zetowi-pasuja-pasy.jpg", caption = "[Mister Z](@/w/mister-z.md) with the belts.", source = "Mister Z" }
+++

The PpW Tag Team Championship is the tag team division title introduced by [PpW Ewenement Wrestling](@/o/ppw.md) in 2025 at [Wjazd na rewir](@/e/ppw/2025-10-24-ppw-wjazd-na-rewir.md). A tournament to crown the inaugural Champions is set to begin at [Surowy Klimat](@/e/ppw/2025-11-08-ppw-surowy-klimat.md).

<!-- more -->

## Statistics

* First champion: N/A
* Most reigns: N/A
* Shortest reign: N/A
* Longest reign: N/A
* Oldest champion: N/A
* Youngest champion: N/A
* Heaviest champion: N/A
* Lightest champion: N/A

## History

On 17.10.2025 - during the buid-up to [Wjazd Na Rewir](@/e/ppw/2025-10-24-ppw-wjazd-na-rewir.md) - PpW shared an image of [Mister Z](@/w/mister-z.md) teasing a "Very Huge and Very Important Announcement" to be made at the show, which was supposed to change the course of PpW forever. During the opening moments of the show [Michael HT](@/w/michael-ht.md) and [Joker](@/w/joker.md), on Z's behalf, introduced the newly-created PpW Tag Team Championship, along with the tournament to crown the inaugural champions, starting with the [next show](@/e/ppw/2025-11-08-ppw-surowy-klimat.md).

## Belt design

The overall shape of the PpW Tag Team Championship is heavily influenced by the [WWE Tag Team Championship][pas-wwe-tag-team] belt used from 2024 onwards. The main plate is made with silver metal with ornaments and black details. At top-centre of the main plate there is a purple-coloured PpW logo with iconic "eyes" over it. At both sides of the logo there are two skulls facing outwards, representing two persons being tag team champions. The bottom half of the centre plate is decorated with two banners, the first one with "Tag Team" engraved in silver, and the second one with "Wrestling Champions" engraved in purple. Looking from the front there is a left sideplate with two skulls on it, and at the right a sideplate decorated with stylised "Tag Team" written on it. All of plates are attached to a black leather belt.

## Title history

### Inaugural tournament

#### Round 1

{% free_card() %}
- - '[Rodzina](@/tt/rodzina.md): [Oskar Alexander](@/w/oskar-alexander.md) & [Vic Golden](@/w/vic-golden.md)'
  - 'Hungarian Luchadores: [Sentinel](@/w/sentinel.md) & [Wonder Haze](@/w/wonder-haze.md)'
  - s: Tag Team Match
    en: '[PpW Surowy Klimat](@/e/ppw/2025-11-08-ppw-surowy-klimat.md)'
    ed: 2025-11-08
- - '[Zmowa](@/tt/zmowa.md): [Mister Z](@/w/mister-z.md) & [Axel Fox](@/w/axel-fox.md)'
  - '[Biesiad Strong](@/w/biesiad.md) & [Stanisław Van Dobroniak](@/w/stanislaw-van-dobroniak.md)'
  - s: Tag Team Match
    en: '[PpW Duch Świąt, Smak Krwi](@/e/ppw/2025-12-06-ppw-duch-swiat-smak-krwi.md)'
    ed: 2025-12-06
{% end %}

#### Finals

{% free_card() %}
- - '[Goblin](@/w/goblin.md) & [Gustav Gryffin](@/w/gustav-gryffin.md)'
  - '[Rodzina](@/tt/rodzina.md): ??? & ???'
  - s: Tag Team Match
    en: '[PpW Dwa Na Dwa](@/e/ppw/2026-02-28-ppw-dwa-na-dwa.md)'
    ed: 2026-02-28
    nc: upcoming
{% end %}

### Champions #1: TBD

## References

* [Facebook post](https://www.facebook.com/OficjalnePPW/posts/pfbid0aGQyrQeVAfVGX1ChMCPPSyB8LutLZLXounLRgywvMae7GPb1K4waewSwinNzBHY9l) introducing the title

[pas-wwe-tag-team]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/WWE_Tag_Team_Championship

Commit message:

Tournament update (#2326)
* Added bracket and changed tense

* Korekta

* Przecinek

* comprehensive update

bracket, history

* dwa na dwa

* Korekta

* Korekta

---------

Co-authored-by: M3n747 <115824993+M3n747@users.noreply.github.com>

content/c/ppw-tag-team-championship.md, after:

+++
title = "PpW Tag Team Championship"
template = "article.html"
weight = 0
authors = ["M3n747", "Sewi The Referee"]
[extra]
toclevel=2
[extra.gallery]
1 = { path = "ppw-tt-belts-fb.webp", caption = "Official announcement of the Championship.", source = "Official PpW Facebook" }
2 = { path = "pasy-na-dywanie.jpg", caption = "Closer look at the belt.", source = "Mister Z" }
3 = { path = "zetowi-pasuja-pasy.jpg", caption = "[Mister Z](@/w/mister-z.md) with the belts.", source = "Mister Z" }
4 = { path = "drabinka-durniejowa.webp", caption = "Full tournament brackets, including the _Golden Opportunity_.", source = "Official PpW Facebook" }

+++

The PpW Tag Team Championship is the tag team division title introduced by [PpW Ewenement Wrestling](@/o/ppw.md) in 2025 at [Wjazd na rewir](@/e/ppw/2025-10-24-ppw-wjazd-na-rewir.md). A tournament to crown the inaugural Champions began at [Surowy Klimat](@/e/ppw/2025-11-08-ppw-surowy-klimat.md) and is set to conclude at [Dwa Na Dwa](@/e/ppw/2026-02-28-ppw-dwa-na-dwa.md).

<!-- more -->

## Statistics

* First champion: N/A
* Most reigns: N/A
* Shortest reign: N/A
* Longest reign: N/A
* Oldest champion: N/A
* Youngest champion: N/A
* Heaviest champion: N/A
* Lightest champion: N/A

## History

On 17.10.2025 - during the buid-up to [Wjazd Na Rewir](@/e/ppw/2025-10-24-ppw-wjazd-na-rewir.md) - PpW shared an image of [Mister Z](@/w/mister-z.md) teasing a "Very Huge and Very Important Announcement" to be made at the show, which was supposed to change the course of PpW forever. During the opening moments of the show [Michael HT](@/w/michael-ht.md) and [Joker](@/w/joker.md), on Z's behalf, introduced the newly-created PpW Tag Team Championship, along with the tournament to crown the inaugural champions, starting with the [next show](@/e/ppw/2025-11-08-ppw-surowy-klimat.md).
The tournament consisted of semi-finals with both [Rodzina](@/tt/rodzina.md) and [Zmowa](@/tt/zmowa.md) quickly advancing to the finals, with their wins at [Surowy Klimat](@/e/ppw/2025-11-08-ppw-surowy-klimat.md) and [Duch Świąt, Smak Krwi](@/e/ppw/2025-12-06-ppw-duch-swiat-smak-krwi.md).

In addition, [Goblin](@/w/goblin.md) and [Gustav Gryffin](@/w/gustav-gryffin.md) were forced to become a tag team and at [Najlepsza Gala w Mieście [Hardcore Edition]](@/e/ppw/2026-01-16-ppw-najlepsza-gala-w-miescie-hardcore-edition.md) they fought Rodzina's representation for the opportunity to join the finals. After their win, Gustav & Goblin were denied their opportunity by [Mister Z](@/w/mister-z.md) and forced to fight another match for the same chance the same night, this time against Zmowa's other representation of [Axel Fox](@/w/axel-fox.md) & [Marco Hammers](@/w/marco-hammers.md). After succesfully defeating the next team, Gustav & Goblin have officially been added to the finals.

Seemingly, the tournament involved the [Freebird Rule][freebird-rule]. Oskar Alexander advanced to the finals with Vic Golden and later fought Gustav & Goblin together with [Gabriel Queen](@/w/gabriel-queen.md). This was supposedly Rodzina's designed representation for the finals, but later it was [confirmed](https://www.instagram.com/p/DTs_vmZignE/) that due to Queen's obstruction, he would not be joining Alexander in the finals. Instead, a new member of Rodzina would fight for the title.

## Belt design

The overall shape of the PpW Tag Team Championship is heavily influenced by the [WWE Tag Team Championship][pas-wwe-tag-team] belt used from 2024 onwards. The main plate is made with silver metal with ornaments and black details. At top-centre of the main plate there is a purple-coloured PpW logo with iconic "eyes" over it. At both sides of the logo there are two skulls facing outwards, representing two persons being tag team champions. The bottom half of the centre plate is decorated with two banners, the first one with "Tag Team" engraved in silver, and the second one with "Wrestling Champions" engraved in purple. Looking from the front there is a left sideplate with two skulls on it, and at the right a sideplate decorated with stylised "Tag Team" written on it. All of plates are attached to a black leather belt.

## Title history

### Inaugural tournament

#### Round 1

{% free_card() %}
- - '[Rodzina](@/tt/rodzina.md): [Oskar Alexander](@/w/oskar-alexander.md) & [Vic Golden](@/w/vic-golden.md)'
  - 'Hungarian Luchadores: [Sentinel](@/w/sentinel.md) & [Wonder Haze](@/w/wonder-haze.md)'
  - s: Tag Team Match
    en: '[PpW Surowy Klimat](@/e/ppw/2025-11-08-ppw-surowy-klimat.md)'
    ed: 2025-11-08
- - '[Zmowa](@/tt/zmowa.md): [Mister Z](@/w/mister-z.md) & [Axel Fox](@/w/axel-fox.md)'
  - '[Biesiad Strong](@/w/biesiad.md) & [Stanisław Van Dobroniak](@/w/stanislaw-van-dobroniak.md)'
  - s: Tag Team Match
    en: '[PpW Duch Świąt, Smak Krwi](@/e/ppw/2025-12-06-ppw-duch-swiat-smak-krwi.md)'
    ed: 2025-12-06
{% end %}

#### Golden opportunity

[Mister Z](@/w/mister-z.md) gave [Goblin](@/w/goblin.md) & [Gustav Gryffin](@/w/gustav-gryffin.md) an opportunity to join the finals after beating the teams of his choosing. Later on, this was reflected in official bracket as "Złoty Strzał" (roughly _Golden Opportunity_). 

{% free_card() %}
- - '[Goblin](@/w/goblin.md) & [Gustav Gryffin](@/w/gustav-gryffin.md)'
  - '[Rodzina](@/tt/rodzina.md): [Gabriel Queen](@/w/gabriel-queen.md) & [Oskar Alexander](@/w/oskar-alexander.md)'
  - s: Tag Team Match
    en: '[PpW Najlepsza Gala w Mieście [Hardcore Edition]](@/e/ppw/2026-01-16-ppw-najlepsza-gala-w-miescie-hardcore-edition.md)'
    ed: 2026-01-16
- - '[Goblin](@/w/goblin.md) & [Gustav Gryffin](@/w/gustav-gryffin.md)'
  - '[Zmowa](@/tt/zmowa.md): [Axel Fox](@/w/axel-fox.md) & [Marco Hammers](@/w/marco-hammers.md)'
  - s: Tag Team Match
    en: '[PpW Najlepsza Gala w Mieście [Hardcore Edition]](@/e/ppw/2026-01-16-ppw-najlepsza-gala-w-miescie-hardcore-edition.md)'
    ed: 2026-01-16 
{% end %}

NOTE: Both Zmowa and Rodzina were already part of the finals and never put their spot on the line.   

#### Finals

{% free_card() %}
- - '[Goblin](@/w/goblin.md) & [Gustav Gryffin](@/w/gustav-gryffin.md)'
  - '[Rodzina](@/tt/rodzina.md): [Oskar Alexander](@/w/oskar-alexander.md) & ???'
  - '[Zmowa](@/tt/zmowa.md): [Mister Z](@/w/mister-z.md) & [Axel Fox](@/w/axel-fox.md)'
  - s: Tag Team Match
    en: '[PpW Dwa Na Dwa](@/e/ppw/2026-02-28-ppw-dwa-na-dwa.md)'
    ed: 2026-02-28
    nc: upcoming
{% end %}

### Champions #1: TBD

## References

* [Facebook post](https://www.facebook.com/OficjalnePPW/posts/pfbid0aGQyrQeVAfVGX1ChMCPPSyB8LutLZLXounLRgywvMae7GPb1K4waewSwinNzBHY9l) introducing the title

[pas-wwe-tag-team]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/WWE_Tag_Team_Championship
[freebird-rule]: https://prowrestling.fandom.com/wiki/Freebird_Rule
