content/c/ptw-underground-championship.md, before:

+++
title = "PTW Underground Championship"
weight = 5
template = "article.html"
authors = ["M3n747"]
[extra]
toclevel=2
[extra.gallery]
1 = { path = "ptw-underground-championship.webp", caption = "Full view of the Championship.", source = "Dawid Kucharski, MyWrestling.com.pl" }
+++

The PTW Underground Championship is a professional wrestling belt created and promoted by [Prime Time Wrestling](@/o/ptw.md) to commemorate the [Underground](@/e/underground.md) series.

<!-- more -->

## Statistics

* First champion: [Max Speed](@/w/max-speed.md)
* Most reigns: N/A
* Longest reign: [Daniel Razor](@/w/daniel-razor.md) (120+ days)
* Shortest reign: Max Speed (109 days)
* Oldest champion: Daniel Razor (25 years, 25 days)
* Youngest champion: Max Speed (23 years, 190 days)

## History

The title was first mentioned in a December 2024 interview for the [MyWrestling YouTube channel][pawłowski-my-wrestling-live]. Pawłowski stated that a tournament would be held to crown the inaugural champion. Unlike the [PTW Women's Championship](@/c/ptw-womens-championship.md) title tournament, this one would happen entirely at [one show](@/e/ptw/2025-02-15-ptw-wrestlingowe-walentynki.md).

## Title history

### Champion #1: Max Speed

{% free_card() %}
- - '[Max Speed](@/w/max-speed.md)'
  - '[Vincent Caravaggio](@/w/vincent-caravaggio.md)'
  - s: Ladder match
    en: '[PTW Wiosenna Bijatyka](@/e/ptw/2025-03-15-ptw-wiosenna-bijatyka.md)'
    ed: 2025-03-15
- - 'Max Speed(c)'
  - 'Conte'
  - s: Singles Match
    en: '[PTW Prezes vs Prezes](@/e/ptw/2025-04-12-ptw-prezes-vs-prezes.md)'
    ed: 2025-04-12
- - 'Max Speed(c)'
  - 'Gulyás Öcsi'
  - s: Singles Match
    en: '[Dzień Dziecka](@/e/ptw/2025-05-31-ptw-dzien-dziecka.md)'
    ed: 2025-05-31
- - 'Max Speed(c)'
  - 'Ben Rodgers'
  - s: Singles Match
    en: '[PTW Charity Picnic](@/e/ptw/2025-06-01-ptw-charity-picnic.md)'
    ed: 2025-06-01
- - 'Max Speed(c)'
  - '[El G](@/w/el-g.md)'
  - s: Singles Match
    en: '[PTW Złoto Dla Zuchwałych](@/e/ptw/2025-06-28-ptw-zloto-dla-zuchwalych.md)'
    ed: 2025-06-28
{% end %}

**TOTAL:** 109 days.

On 2.07.2025 PTW [announced][speed-zwolniony] that Max Speed was fired from the promotion and the Underground belt was vacated.

### Champion #2: Daniel Razor

{% free_card() %}
- - '[Daniel Razor](@/w/daniel-razor.md)'
  - '["Starboy" Nano Lopez](@/w/nano-lopez.md)'
  - s: Singles Match
    en: '[PTW Nietykalni](@/e/ptw/2025-07-19-ptw-nietykalni.md)'
    ed: 2025-07-19
- - 'Daniel Razor(c)'
  - '"Starboy" Nano Lopez'
  - '[Serg Sullivan](@/w/serg-sullivan.md) w/ Bat Lesya Sullivan'
  - s: 'Triple Threat Match'
    en: '[PTW All About the Moné](@/e/ptw/2025-07-27-ptw-all-about-the-mone.md)'
    ed: 2025-07-27
- - 'Daniel Razor(c)'
  - 'Duxx'
  - s: 'Open Challenge'
    en: '[PTW Apokalipsa](@/e/ptw/2025-08-30-ptw-apokalipsa.md)'
    ed: 2025-08-30
- - '"The Voice" Daniel Razor(c)'
  - 'Davide Adami'
  - s: 'Open Challenge'
    en: '[PTW Ból Istnienia](@/e/ptw/2025-09-28-ptw-bol-istnienia.md)'
    ed: 2025-09-28
{% end %}

[pawłowski-my-wrestling-live]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D4kwKCFbY9c
[speed-zwolniony]: https://www.facebook.com/PrimeTimeWrestlingPL/posts/pfbid0ZLcppBjAdv8A1TJoeVynfx22y2aAjqSqZpidtMbd63qsSTF2KLeQouGnano3nidpl

Commit message:

Update championships (#2103)
* Update kpw-tag-team-championship.md

* Yo check it, grammer stuff, dawg!

* Update ptw-underground-championship.md

* Update content/c/ptw-underground-championship.md

* Update content/c/ptw-underground-championship.md

---------

Co-authored-by: M3n747 <115824993+M3n747@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Krzysztof Zych <k33rni@gmail.com>

content/c/ptw-underground-championship.md, after:

+++
title = "PTW Underground Championship"
weight = 5
template = "article.html"
authors = ["M3n747", "Sewi The Referee"]
[extra]
toclevel=2
[extra.gallery]
1 = { path = "ptw-underground-championship.webp", caption = "Full view of the Championship.", source = "Dawid Kucharski, MyWrestling.com.pl" }
+++

The PTW Underground Championship is a professional wrestling belt created and promoted by [Prime Time Wrestling](@/o/ptw.md) to commemorate the [Underground](@/e/underground.md) series.

<!-- more -->

## Statistics

* First champion: [Max Speed](@/w/max-speed.md)
* Most reigns: N/A
* Longest reign: [Daniel Razor](@/w/daniel-razor.md) (120+ days)
* Shortest reign: Max Speed (109 days)
* Oldest champion: Daniel Razor (25 years, 25 days)
* Youngest champion: Max Speed (23 years, 190 days)

## History

The title was first mentioned in a December 2024 interview for the [MyWrestling YouTube channel][pawłowski-my-wrestling-live]. Pawłowski stated that a tournament would be held to crown the inaugural champion. Unlike the [PTW Women's Championship](@/c/ptw-womens-championship.md) title tournament, this one would happen entirely at [one show](@/e/ptw/2025-02-15-ptw-wrestlingowe-walentynki.md). 

The initial champion was [Max Speed](@/w/max-speed.md), who won it in a Ladder Match against [Vincent Caravaggio](@/w/vincent-caravaggio.md). His reign was however cut short due to his unexpeted firing from PTW. Following his departure, the #1 Contender who won [Gold Rush Rumble](@/e/ptw/2025-06-28-ptw-zloto-dla-zuchwalych.md) - [Nano Lopez](@/w/nano-lopez.md) - faced [Daniel Razor](@/w/daniel-razor.md) for the vacated championship, with the latter winning it to become the second champion.

## Belt design

The championship belt is rather bulky in its shape and size. The main plate's background is made of grey-coloured metal with a huge orange ellipse, bearing the Prime Time Wrestling logo in the centre. Above and beneath this ellipse "UNDERGROUND" and "CHAMPION" are written in red, deliberately obliterated to look a bit worn. The side plates are rather simple, depicting a clenched black fist on an orange circular background.

The strap itself is black and octagonal, which indicates that it was repurposed from the initial version of the [PTW Tag Team Championship](@/c/ptw-tag-team-championship.md) belts.

## Title history

### Champion #1: Max Speed

{% free_card() %}
- - '[Max Speed](@/w/max-speed.md)'
  - '[Vincent Caravaggio](@/w/vincent-caravaggio.md)'
  - s: Ladder match
    en: '[PTW Wiosenna Bijatyka](@/e/ptw/2025-03-15-ptw-wiosenna-bijatyka.md)'
    ed: 2025-03-15
- - 'Max Speed(c)'
  - 'Conte'
  - s: Singles Match
    en: '[PTW Prezes vs Prezes](@/e/ptw/2025-04-12-ptw-prezes-vs-prezes.md)'
    ed: 2025-04-12
- - 'Max Speed(c)'
  - 'Gulyás Öcsi'
  - s: Singles Match
    en: '[Dzień Dziecka](@/e/ptw/2025-05-31-ptw-dzien-dziecka.md)'
    ed: 2025-05-31
- - 'Max Speed(c)'
  - 'Ben Rodgers'
  - s: Singles Match
    en: '[PTW Charity Picnic](@/e/ptw/2025-06-01-ptw-charity-picnic.md)'
    ed: 2025-06-01
- - 'Max Speed(c)'
  - '[El G](@/w/el-g.md)'
  - s: Singles Match
    en: '[PTW Złoto Dla Zuchwałych](@/e/ptw/2025-06-28-ptw-zloto-dla-zuchwalych.md)'
    ed: 2025-06-28
{% end %}

**TOTAL:** 109 days.

On 2.07.2025 PTW [announced][speed-zwolniony] that Max Speed was fired from the promotion and the Underground belt was vacated.

### Champion #2: Daniel Razor

{% free_card() %}
- - '[Daniel Razor](@/w/daniel-razor.md)'
  - '["Starboy" Nano Lopez](@/w/nano-lopez.md)'
  - s: Singles Match
    en: '[PTW Nietykalni](@/e/ptw/2025-07-19-ptw-nietykalni.md)'
    ed: 2025-07-19
- - 'Daniel Razor(c)'
  - '"Starboy" Nano Lopez'
  - '[Serg Sullivan](@/w/serg-sullivan.md) w/ Bat Lesya Sullivan'
  - s: 'Triple Threat Match'
    en: '[PTW All About the Moné](@/e/ptw/2025-07-27-ptw-all-about-the-mone.md)'
    ed: 2025-07-27
- - 'Daniel Razor(c)'
  - 'Duxx'
  - s: 'Open Challenge'
    en: '[PTW Apokalipsa](@/e/ptw/2025-08-30-ptw-apokalipsa.md)'
    ed: 2025-08-30
- - '"The Voice" Daniel Razor(c)'
  - 'Davide Adami'
  - s: 'Open Challenge'
    en: '[PTW Ból Istnienia](@/e/ptw/2025-09-28-ptw-bol-istnienia.md)'
    ed: 2025-09-28
{% end %}

[pawłowski-my-wrestling-live]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D4kwKCFbY9c
[speed-zwolniony]: https://www.facebook.com/PrimeTimeWrestlingPL/posts/pfbid0ZLcppBjAdv8A1TJoeVynfx22y2aAjqSqZpidtMbd63qsSTF2KLeQouGnano3nidpl
