content/e/ptw/2025-03-15-ptw-wiosenna-bijatyka.md, before:

+++
title = "PTW: Wiosenna Bijatyka"
template = "event_page.html"
authors = ["M3n747"]
[taxonomies]
chronology = ["ptw"]
venue = ["szafirowy-dwor"]
[extra]
city = "Kozłów"
toclevel = 2
[extra.gallery]
manifest = "@/e/ptw/2025-03-15-ptw-wiosenna-bijatyka-gallery.toml"
+++

"Wiosenna Bijatyka" (_Spring Brawl_) was a show by [Prime Time Wrestling](@/o/ptw.md). As announced at [Wrestlingowe Walentynki](@/e/ptw/2025-02-15-ptw-wrestlingowe-walentynki.md), the final match of [PTW Underground Championship](@/c/ptw-underground-championship.md) tournament took place at this event. The winner of the ladder match was crowned the inaugural PTW Underground Champion.

## Build-up

* In their [Facebook event][fb-event] PTW announced [Dawid "Puncher" Seńko](@/w/puncher.md) would see some action. The same statement was made [previously](@/e/ptw/2025-02-15-ptw-wrestlingowe-walentynki.md), but that time Puncher ended up not having any fights.
* In the same post PTW also announced the continuation of the [PTW Women's Championship](@/c/ptw-womens-championship.md) tournament, and a ladder match for the [PTW Underground Championship](@/c/ptw-underground-championship.md).

## Card

{% card() %}
- - '[Arkadiusz Pawłowski](@/w/pan-pawlowski.md)'
  - g: Pawłowski opens the show
- - '[Alex Brave](@/w/alex-brave.md)'
  - '[Sigma Boy xD](@/w/sigma-boy.md)'
- - '[Miyagi Shida](@/w/miyagi-shida.md)'
  - '[Serg Sullivan](@/w/serg-sullivan.md)'
  - r: DQ
    n: Sullivan hit Shida with a metal case
- - '[Spartan](@/w/spartan.md)'
  - 'Martyrium'
  - 'Mikk Vainula'
  - s: Triple Threat Match
    n: Spartan's challenge
- - '[Łukasz "Prezes" Okoński](@/w/lukasz-okonski.md)'
  - '[Sędzia Herno](@/w/sedzia-herno.md)'
  - '[Sędzia Klaudiusz](@/w/sedzia-klaudiusz.md)'
  - g: Charity auction; Okoński gifts referees with a new set of T&#8209;shirts
- - '[Dawid "Puncher" Seńko](@/w/puncher.md)'
  - '[Polski Niedźwiedź](@/w/polski-niedzwiedz.md)'
  - n: Puncher's challenge
- - '[Newt Nova](@/w/newt-nova.md)'
  - 'Alex Sixxx'
  - 'Mike Solaris'
  - s: International Showcase Match
- - 'Heidi Katrina'
  - 'Rhiannon Jade'
  - c: "[PTW Women's Championship](@/c/ptw-womens-championship.md)"
    s: 'Tournament First Round Match'
- - 'Heidi Katrina'
  - '[Diana Strong](@/w/diana-strong.md)'
  - g: Diana congratulates Heidi
- - '[Max Speed](@/w/max-speed.md)'
  - '[Vincent Caravaggio](@/w/vincent-caravaggio.md)'
  - s: Ladder Match
    c: '[PTW Underground Championship](@/c/ptw-underground-championship.md)'
- credits:
    Host, ring announcer: '[Krzysztof Skwarczyński](@/w/krzysztof-skwarczynski.md)'
    Referees: '[Sędzia Herno](@/w/sedzia-herno.md), [Sędzia Klaudiusz](@/w/sedzia-klaudiusz.md)'
    Commentary: '[Krystian "Resivny" Smoleń](@/w/resivny.md), [Adam Goldschmidt](@/w/adam-goldschmidt.md)'
{% end %}

### Recap

* [Diana Strong](@/w/diana-strong.md) made a short appearance to congratulate Heidi on her win. The bracket for the tournament is still unclear, but it seems they will face each other down the line.

## References

* [Cagematch event page](https://www.cagematch.net/?id=1&nr=421707)

[fb-event]:https://www.facebook.com/events/s/gala-pro-wrestlingu-ptw-wiosen/960299786207108/
[fb-results]: https://www.facebook.com/photo/?fbid=693763572976288&set=a.136592408693410
[show-paywalled]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-2w0SyTzH8Y&t=10057s&ab_channel=PTW-PrimeTimeWrestling

Commit message:

Icons on event list to show photo or video present (#2372)
* WIP indicate with icons if event has photos or video links.

* Move icons to the left of title, use aria markup

* Apply flex-shrink: 0 so the icons stay together horizontally

* Eat whitespace in the output

* BM4 has no gallery

* Show icons also on event lists for org and venue

* Set sprite var in base template to save on repetition

* Doc update

* has_video = PpW

* Rozpędziłem się z find/replace

* bezmyślnik

* nieswójsłów

* I jeszcze jeden, i jeszcze raz

* has_video = MZW, part 1 + doc

* has_video = MZW, part 2

* has_video = Legacy

* has_video = KPW, part 1

* Technikalium

* has_video = KPW, part 2

* has_video = KPW, part 3

* has_video = KPW, part 4

* has_video = PTW

* has_video = WWE

* has_video = BWD

* has_video = DDW

* has_video = DFW

* has_video = LOP

* has_video = MCW

* has_video = tNQW

* has_video = PIWG

* has_video = pwf07

* has_video = PXW

* has_video = TBW

* has_video = TWF

* has_video = WKSW

* has_video = WWS

---------

Co-authored-by: M3n747 <115824993+M3n747@users.noreply.github.com>

content/e/ptw/2025-03-15-ptw-wiosenna-bijatyka.md, after:

+++
title = "PTW: Wiosenna Bijatyka"
template = "event_page.html"
authors = ["M3n747"]
[taxonomies]
chronology = ["ptw"]
venue = ["szafirowy-dwor"]
[extra]
city = "Kozłów"
toclevel = 2
has_video = true
[extra.gallery]
manifest = "@/e/ptw/2025-03-15-ptw-wiosenna-bijatyka-gallery.toml"
+++

"Wiosenna Bijatyka" (_Spring Brawl_) was a show by [Prime Time Wrestling](@/o/ptw.md). As announced at [Wrestlingowe Walentynki](@/e/ptw/2025-02-15-ptw-wrestlingowe-walentynki.md), the final match of [PTW Underground Championship](@/c/ptw-underground-championship.md) tournament took place at this event. The winner of the ladder match was crowned the inaugural PTW Underground Champion.

## Build-up

* In their [Facebook event][fb-event] PTW announced [Dawid "Puncher" Seńko](@/w/puncher.md) would see some action. The same statement was made [previously](@/e/ptw/2025-02-15-ptw-wrestlingowe-walentynki.md), but that time Puncher ended up not having any fights.
* In the same post PTW also announced the continuation of the [PTW Women's Championship](@/c/ptw-womens-championship.md) tournament, and a ladder match for the [PTW Underground Championship](@/c/ptw-underground-championship.md).

## Card

{% card() %}
- - '[Arkadiusz Pawłowski](@/w/pan-pawlowski.md)'
  - g: Pawłowski opens the show
- - '[Alex Brave](@/w/alex-brave.md)'
  - '[Sigma Boy xD](@/w/sigma-boy.md)'
- - '[Miyagi Shida](@/w/miyagi-shida.md)'
  - '[Serg Sullivan](@/w/serg-sullivan.md)'
  - r: DQ
    n: Sullivan hit Shida with a metal case
- - '[Spartan](@/w/spartan.md)'
  - 'Martyrium'
  - 'Mikk Vainula'
  - s: Triple Threat Match
    n: Spartan's challenge
- - '[Łukasz "Prezes" Okoński](@/w/lukasz-okonski.md)'
  - '[Sędzia Herno](@/w/sedzia-herno.md)'
  - '[Sędzia Klaudiusz](@/w/sedzia-klaudiusz.md)'
  - g: Charity auction; Okoński gifts referees with a new set of T&#8209;shirts
- - '[Dawid "Puncher" Seńko](@/w/puncher.md)'
  - '[Polski Niedźwiedź](@/w/polski-niedzwiedz.md)'
  - n: Puncher's challenge
- - '[Newt Nova](@/w/newt-nova.md)'
  - 'Alex Sixxx'
  - 'Mike Solaris'
  - s: International Showcase Match
- - 'Heidi Katrina'
  - 'Rhiannon Jade'
  - c: "[PTW Women's Championship](@/c/ptw-womens-championship.md)"
    s: 'Tournament First Round Match'
- - 'Heidi Katrina'
  - '[Diana Strong](@/w/diana-strong.md)'
  - g: Diana congratulates Heidi
- - '[Max Speed](@/w/max-speed.md)'
  - '[Vincent Caravaggio](@/w/vincent-caravaggio.md)'
  - s: Ladder Match
    c: '[PTW Underground Championship](@/c/ptw-underground-championship.md)'
- credits:
    Host, ring announcer: '[Krzysztof Skwarczyński](@/w/krzysztof-skwarczynski.md)'
    Referees: '[Sędzia Herno](@/w/sedzia-herno.md), [Sędzia Klaudiusz](@/w/sedzia-klaudiusz.md)'
    Commentary: '[Krystian "Resivny" Smoleń](@/w/resivny.md), [Adam Goldschmidt](@/w/adam-goldschmidt.md)'
{% end %}

### Recap

* [Diana Strong](@/w/diana-strong.md) made a short appearance to congratulate Heidi on her win. The bracket for the tournament is still unclear, but it seems they will face each other down the line.

## References

* [Cagematch event page](https://www.cagematch.net/?id=1&nr=421707)
* [Facebook post with results](https://www.facebook.com/photo/?fbid=693763572976288&set=a.136592408693410)
* [Full show on YouTUbe](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-2w0SyTzH8Y&t=10057s) (requires paid subscription)

[fb-event]:https://www.facebook.com/events/s/gala-pro-wrestlingu-ptw-wiosen/960299786207108/
