content/e/ptw/2025-10-25-ptw-halloweenowa-rozpierducha.md, before:

+++
title = "PTW: Halloweenowa Rozpierducha"
template = "event_page.html"
authors = ["M3n747"]
[taxonomies]
chronology = ["ptw"]
venue = ["szafirowy-dwor"]
[extra]
city = "Kozłów"
toclevel = 2
[extra.gallery]
+++

"Halloweenowa Rozpierducha" (roughly _Halloween Havoc_, or _Halloween Eff-Up_) is an upcoming show by [Prime Time Wrestling](@/o/ptw.md). The show was announced in a Facebook post alongside [Totalna Anihilacja](@/e/ptw/2025-11-15-ptw-totalna-anihilacja.md). It will be the second Halloween show, following 2024's [Underground 23](@/e/ptw/2024-10-19-ptw-underground-23.md).

## Build up

* On 13.10.2025 PTW announced [Daniel Razor's](@/w/daniel-razor.md) Open Challenge.
* On 15.10.2025 PTW announced [Miyagi Shida](@/w/miyagi-shida.md) vs [Polski Niedźwiedź](@/w/polski-niedzwiedz.md).

## Card

{% card() %}
- - '[Daniel Razor](@/w/daniel-razor.md)'
  - '???'
  - s: Daniel Razor's Open Challenge
    nc: upcoming
- - '[Miyagi Shida](@/w/miyagi-shida.md)'
  - '[Polski Niedźwiedź](@/w/polski-niedzwiedz.md)'
  - nc: upcoming
{% end %}

## References

* [Cagematch event page](https://www.cagematch.net/?id=1&nr=435850)
* [Facebook post announcing the event](https://www.facebook.com/photo/?fbid=827086732977304&set=a.136592405360077)

Commit message:

Klakson+4 on 4 + UG championship
Klakson's manto
Team Paweł v Team Okoń
Razor - Underground championship added

content/e/ptw/2025-10-25-ptw-halloweenowa-rozpierducha.md, after:

+++
title = "PTW: Halloweenowa Rozpierducha"
template = "event_page.html"
authors = ["M3n747"]
[taxonomies]
chronology = ["ptw"]
venue = ["szafirowy-dwor"]
[extra]
city = "Kozłów"
toclevel = 2
[extra.gallery]
+++

"Halloweenowa Rozpierducha" (roughly _Halloween Havoc_, or _Halloween Eff-Up_) is an upcoming show by [Prime Time Wrestling](@/o/ptw.md). The show was announced in a Facebook post alongside [Totalna Anihilacja](@/e/ptw/2025-11-15-ptw-totalna-anihilacja.md). It will be the second Halloween show, following 2024's [Underground 23](@/e/ptw/2024-10-19-ptw-underground-23.md).

## Build up

* Over previous months PTW was building towards the match between the teams led by two Chairmen. While [Pawłowski](@/w/pan-pawlowski.md) already had his team of [Nietykalni](@/tt/nietykalni.md), '[Łukasz Okoński](@/w/lukasz-okonski.md)' was busy recruiting his members. After [PTW: Ból Istnienia](@/e/ptw/2025-09-28-ptw-bol-istnienia.md), Team Okoński was finally completed with the addition of [Nano Lopez](@/w/nano-lopez.md) and [Sigma Boy xD](@/w/sigma-boy.md). Thus, 4 on 4 match was confirmed for the next show.
* On 13.10.2025 PTW announced [Daniel Razor's](@/w/daniel-razor.md) Open Challenge for [PTW Underground Championship](@/c/ptw-underground-championship.md).
* On 14.10.2025, Pawłowski [confirmed](https://www.facebook.com/reel/1184868053698977) the stakes for 4 on 4 match. If Team Okoński wins, all the members earn title shots. If they lose however, they will be banned from title contention forever. It is unclear, whether the stakes extend to all PTW titles or only the ones that each of Team Okoński's members is recently going after.
* On 15.10.2025 PTW announced [Miyagi Shida](@/w/miyagi-shida.md) vs [Polski Niedźwiedź](@/w/polski-niedzwiedz.md).
* On 16.10.2025 PTW announced CJ Klakson is going to host an open challenge, where he's going to deliver his signature _manto_(roughly: beatdown).

## Card

{% card() %}
- - '[Daniel Razor](@/w/daniel-razor.md)'
  - '???'
  - s: Daniel Razor's Open Challenge
    c: '[PTW Underground Championship](@/c/ptw-underground-championship.md)'
    nc: upcoming
- - '[Miyagi Shida](@/w/miyagi-shida.md)'
  - '[Polski Niedźwiedź](@/w/polski-niedzwiedz.md)'
  - nc: upcoming
- - 'CJ Klakson'
  - '???'
  - s: Manto challenge
    nc:upcoming
- - '[Nietykalni](@/tt/nietykalni.md): [Arkadiusz "Pan" Pawłowski](@/w/pan-pawlowski.md) & [Vincent Caravaggio](@/w/vincent-caravaggio.md) & [Alex Brave](@/w/alex-brave.md) & [Dawid "Puncher" Seńko](@/w/puncher.md)'
  - 'Team Okoński: [Łukasz Okoński](@/w/lukasz-okonski.md) & [Spartan](@/w/spartan.md) & [Nano Lopez](@/w/nano-lopez.md) & [Sigma Boy xD](@/w/sigma-boy.md)
  - s: '4 on 4 Tag Team Match'
  - c: 'Championship opportunity vs Championship ban for Team Okoński'
  - nc: upcoming
{% end %}

## References

* [Cagematch event page](https://www.cagematch.net/?id=1&nr=435850)
* [Facebook post announcing the event](https://www.facebook.com/photo/?fbid=827086732977304&set=a.136592405360077)
