content/e/ptw/2026-02-21-ptw-world-cup.md, before:

+++
title = "PTW: World Cup"
template = "event_page.html"
authors = ["M3n747"]
[taxonomies]
chronology = ["ptw"]
venue = ["szafirowy-dwor"]
[extra]
city = "Kozłów"
toclevel = 2
has_video = false
[extra.gallery]
+++

"World Cup" is an upcoming show by [Prime Time Wrestling](@/o/ptw.md). It was announced in a [Facebook post][nowe-gale], alongside [Nowa Fala](@/e/ptw/2026-03-14-ptw-nowa-fala.md). The post also announced that the event will host the first PTW World Cup, featuring wrestlers from seven foreign countries.

## Build-up

* [Vincent Caravaggio](@/w/vincent-caravaggio.md) was the first worker to be announced, on 9.02.2026.
* In addition to the World Cup tournament, on 12.02.2026 PTW announced a match for the [PTW Championship](@/c/ptw-championship.md) between the reigning  Champion [Spartan](@/w/spartan.md) and former [PTW Tag Team Champion](@/c/ptw-tag-team-championship.md), [Renegade](@/w/renegade.md).
* The second wrestler to take part in the tournament, unveiled on 13.02.2026, was Andi ZickZack.
* On 15.02.2026, [El G](@/w/el-g.md) was added to the tournament.
* The next day PTW announced a Battle Royal between [Daniel Razor](@/w/daniel-razor.md), [Sigma Boy xD](@/w/sigma-boy.md), [Miyagi Shida](@/w/miyagi-shida.md), [Blaze](@/w/blaze.md), [Alex Brave](@/w/alex-brave.md) and [CJ Klakson](@/w/cj-klakson.md). Should Razor win, he'll get a title shot for the [PTW Underground Championship](@/c/ptw-underground-championship.md), whereas whoever manages to eliminate him, will receive a hefty bonus of 10,000&nbsp;PLN (approx. 2375&nbsp;EUR, 2065&nbsp;GBP or 2815&nbsp;USD).
* [Blaze](@/w/blaze.md) and Damian Adler were both announced on 17.02.2026.

## Predicted card

{% card(predicted=true) %}
- - '[Vincent Caravaggio](@/w/vincent-caravaggio.md)'
  - '???'
  - nc: upcoming
- - '[Spartan](@/w/spartan.md)(c)'
  - '[Renegade](@/w/renegade.md)'
  - c: '[PTW Championship](@/c/ptw-championship.md)'
    nc: upcoming
- - 'Andi ZickZack'
  - '???'
  - nc: upcoming
- - '[El G](@/w/el-g.md)'
  - '???'
  - nc: upcoming
- - '[Daniel Razor](@/w/daniel-razor.md)'
  - '[Sigma Boy xD](@/w/sigma-boy.md)'
  - '[Miyagi Shida](@/w/miyagi-shida.md)'
  - '[Blaze](@/w/blaze.md)'
  - '[Alex Brave](@/w/alex-brave.md)'
  - '[CJ Klakson](@/w/cj-klakson.md)'
  - s: Battle Royal
    nc: upcoming
- - '[Blaze](@/w/blaze.md)'
  - '???'
  - nc: upcoming
- - ''Damian Adler'
  - '???'
  - nc: upcoming
{% end %}

### Recap

* TBD

## References

* [Cagematch event page](https://www.cagematch.net/?id=1&nr=443638)

[nowe-gale]: https://www.facebook.com/PrimeTimeWrestlingPL/posts/1440651250960393:1440651250960393

Commit message:

Apostrof, Adler po stronie Niemiec

content/e/ptw/2026-02-21-ptw-world-cup.md, after:

+++
title = "PTW: World Cup"
template = "event_page.html"
authors = ["M3n747"]
[taxonomies]
chronology = ["ptw"]
venue = ["szafirowy-dwor"]
[extra]
city = "Kozłów"
toclevel = 2
has_video = false
[extra.gallery]
+++

"World Cup" is an upcoming show by [Prime Time Wrestling](@/o/ptw.md). It was announced in a [Facebook post][nowe-gale], alongside [Nowa Fala](@/e/ptw/2026-03-14-ptw-nowa-fala.md). The post also announced that the event will host the first PTW World Cup, featuring wrestlers from seven foreign countries.

## Build-up

* [Vincent Caravaggio](@/w/vincent-caravaggio.md) was the first worker to be announced, on 9.02.2026.
* In addition to the World Cup tournament, on 12.02.2026 PTW announced a match for the [PTW Championship](@/c/ptw-championship.md) between the reigning  Champion [Spartan](@/w/spartan.md) and former [PTW Tag Team Champion](@/c/ptw-tag-team-championship.md), [Renegade](@/w/renegade.md).
* The second wrestler to take part in the tournament, unveiled on 13.02.2026, was Andi ZickZack.
* On 15.02.2026, [El G](@/w/el-g.md) was added to the tournament.
* The next day PTW announced a Battle Royal between [Daniel Razor](@/w/daniel-razor.md), [Sigma Boy xD](@/w/sigma-boy.md), [Miyagi Shida](@/w/miyagi-shida.md), [Blaze](@/w/blaze.md), [Alex Brave](@/w/alex-brave.md) and [CJ Klakson](@/w/cj-klakson.md). Should Razor win, he'll get a title shot for the [PTW Underground Championship](@/c/ptw-underground-championship.md), whereas whoever manages to eliminate him, will receive a hefty bonus of 10,000&nbsp;PLN (approx. 2375&nbsp;EUR, 2065&nbsp;GBP or 2815&nbsp;USD).
* [Blaze](@/w/blaze.md) and Damian Adler were both announced on 17.02.2026.

## Predicted card

{% card(predicted=true) %}
- - '[Vincent Caravaggio](@/w/vincent-caravaggio.md)'
  - '???'
  - nc: upcoming
- - '[Spartan](@/w/spartan.md)(c)'
  - '[Renegade](@/w/renegade.md)'
  - c: '[PTW Championship](@/c/ptw-championship.md)'
    nc: upcoming
- - 'Andi ZickZack'
  - '???'
  - nc: upcoming
- - '[El G](@/w/el-g.md)'
  - '???'
  - nc: upcoming
- - '[Daniel Razor](@/w/daniel-razor.md)'
  - '[Sigma Boy xD](@/w/sigma-boy.md)'
  - '[Miyagi Shida](@/w/miyagi-shida.md)'
  - '[Blaze](@/w/blaze.md)'
  - '[Alex Brave](@/w/alex-brave.md)'
  - '[CJ Klakson](@/w/cj-klakson.md)'
  - s: Battle Royal
    nc: upcoming
- - '[Blaze](@/w/blaze.md)'
  - '???'
  - nc: upcoming
- - 'Damian Adler'
  - '???'
  - nc: upcoming
{% end %}

### Recap

* Damian Adler, despite being Polish, represented Germany in the tournament.

## References

* [Cagematch event page](https://www.cagematch.net/?id=1&nr=443638)

[nowe-gale]: https://www.facebook.com/PrimeTimeWrestlingPL/posts/1440651250960393:1440651250960393
