+++
title = "Legacy of Wrestling"
template = "event_page.html"
authors = ["M3n747", "Sewi The Ref"]
[taxonomies]
chronology = ["low"]
venue=["krolestwo-katowice"]
[extra]
city = "Katowice"
toclevel = 2
[extra.gallery]
manifest = "@/e/low/2024-12-01-low-1-gallery.toml"
+++

The first [Legacy of Wrestling](@/o/low.md) event took place on December 1st, 2024 in Katowice, in the {{ map_pin(v="Klub Królestwo") }}Królestwo music club.

<!-- more -->

The overall attendance at the show was approximately a little over 300 viewers, as LoW announced full soldout before the show.

## Build-up

Legacy planned for their first show to be a supercard, collaborating with most of the active wrestling organizations in Poland. The event was to feature at least one wrestler from each.
Notably, the sole exception was [PTW](@/o/ptw.md), with which many of the wrestlers present have split after [Gold Rush](@/e/ptw/2024-02-03-ptw-5-gold-rush.md) earlier in 2024, some of them [quite bitterly](@/a/ptw-exits.md).
Among the talent confirmed to be on the card were [Wiktor Longman](@/w/wiktor-longman.md), [Marco Hammers](@/w/marco-hammers.md), [Dziedzic](@/w/dziedzic.md), [Marcelito](@/w/marcelito.md) and [Filip Fux](@/w/filip-fux.md).

On 2.11.2024, [Chemik](@/w/chemik.md) [issued an open challenge][yt-chemik-challenge] for his [KPW OldTown Championship](@/c/kpw-old-town-championship.md), stating that divisions exist in Polish wrestling for a reason and he intends to prove it by defeating anyone who thinks himself worthy of the title.

On 12.11.2024 Legacy announced that they managed to sign an official TV deal with Extreme Sports Channel, becoming the first Polish pro wrestling federation to sign such a deal before producing their first show. They also announced that the TV premiere of their show would take place one week after the event, on 08.12.2024.

In a 20.11.2024 [Facebook post][no-longman-but-axel] Legacy announced that Wiktor Longman wouldn't be able to make an appearance and the main event will feature [Axel Fox](@/w/axel-fox.md) instead.

Between 27th and 29th of November, Legacy of Wrestling published a series of posts announcing a number of sponsors, most of them local.

On 29.11 Legacy proudly announced that they managed to sell out the event.

## Card

{% card() %}
- - '[Sinister](@/w/sinister.md)'
  - '[Arkadiusz Paterek](@/w/arek-paterek.md)'
  - g: Paterek announces the show's host
- - '[Chemik](@/w/chemik.md)(c)'
  - '[Sambor](@/w/sambor.md); [Rusałka](@/w/rusalka.md)'
  - '[Dziedzic](@/w/dziedzic.md)'
  - c: '[KPW OldTown Championship](@/c/kpw-old-town-championship.md)'
    s: Triple Threat Match
- - '[Shadow](@/w/shadow.md)'
  - '[Marcelito](@/w/marcelito.md)'
- - '[Biesiad Strong](@/w/biesiad.md)'
  - '[Olgierd](@/w/olgierd.md)'
  - s: '[PpW](@/o/ppw.md) Rules Match'
- - '[Disco Pablo](@/w/disco-pablo.md)'
  - 'Ania'
  - '[Piotr "ShowOff" Małecki](@/w/piotr-malecki.md)'
  - '[Taras](@/w/taras.md)'
  - Mr Chairman
  - g: Disco Pablo's Musical Chairs
- - '[Marco Hammers](@/w/marco-hammers.md)'
  - '[Filip Fux](@/w/filip-fux.md)'
- - '[Gabriel Queen](@/w/gabriel-queen.md)'
  - '[Aron Wake](@/w/aron-wake.md)'
- - '[Gustav Gryffin](@/w/gustav-gryffin.md)(c); [Jakub Linde](@/w/jakub-linde.md)'
  - '[Axel Fox](@/w/axel-fox.md)'
  - c: '[PpW Championship](@/c/ppw-championship.md)'
- credits:
    Referee: '[Sędzia Seweryn](@/w/sedzia-seweryn.md)'
    Host: '[Sinister](@/w/sinister.md)'
    Announcer: 'Mr Chairman'
    Commentary: '[Arkadiusz Paterek](@/w/arek-paterek.md), [Łukasz "Balik" Baliński](@/w/lukasz-balinski.md)'
{% end %}

### Recap

Timestamps refer to the official video linked in the [References](#references) section, and mark the start of wrestler entrances, not the opening bell.

{% timeline() %}

#### Opening

* Timestamp: `0:01:08`
* [Arek Paterek](@/w/arek-paterek.md) enters the ring. He greets the fans and announces that LoW is the first federation in Poland to secure a TV deal even before their first show. He hypes up the match card and thanks the sponsors of the show. All of that is filled with a few jabs mocking his ex-employer - [Prime Time Wrestling](@/o/ptw.md), such as clapping for the sponsors which he doesn't ask for, just tells the audience "you know what to do".
* Paterek announces the official host of the show, strongly implying that this would be "Mr Chairman", but the lights suddenly go out.
* [Sinister's](@/w/sinister.md) theme plays, much to the crowd's delight. He makes his way to the ring, meeting face to face with Paterek.
* Sinister talks with Arek about mysterious "secrets" that the commentator is supposed to have. The Supreme Evil then offers him a handshake, which Paterek hesitantly accepts, Sinister hugs him and gives him a kiss on the cheek, then motions for Arek to get out of the ring.
* Sinister cuts a short promo describing Legacy as "a different circus but with the same monkeys". He also declares that he will deal with people who supposedly turned on him when he was helping them - possibly referring to [Dziedzic](@/w/dziedzic.md).
* After he declares the start of the show, [Sewi The Referee](@/w/sedzia-seweryn.md) enters the ring, paying tribute to a recent, popular AEW character - The Rizzler. Cut off mid-sentence, Sinister berates him for disrupting his announcement.
* Sinister finally announces that the opening match of the show will be an open challenge.

#### Triple Threat Match: Chemik (c) vs Sambor vs Syriusz Dziedzic - KPW OldTown Championship Open Challenge

* Timestamp: `0:11:54`
* [Chemik](@/w/chemik.md) enters the ring, wearing a gas mask, with his [KPW OldTown Championship](@/c/kpw-old-town-championship.md) and cuts a short promo by reminding the crowd that he supports the divisions in Polish wrestling. He also states that he is a league above any other wrestler.
* [Sambor](@/w/sambor.md) anwsers the open challenge, accompanied by [Rusałka](@/w/rusalka.md). The crowd cheers for him, as he is playing babyface.
* When both wrestlers face each other, Sinister interrupts, saying that an "Open Challenge" doesn't mean it has to be a Singles Match. He declares that this match will be a Triple Threat Match.
* [Syriusz Dziedzic](@/w/dziedzic.md) enters the ring rocking new all-white gear, with a crop top saying "SOFT & PROUD" - shooting at [Antek from Istota Wrestlingu](@/w/istociarz.md), who likes to give Dziedzic grief for not being "tough enough".
* Chemik is visibly frustrated with the fact that he has to face an additional oponnent, however the referee manages to put all the wrestlers in their corners and lift the Championship before starting the fight.
* The match starts by establishing Chemik as the main villain of the contest. He brushes aside Dziedzic and tries to focus on beating the Slavic Warrior, but gets constantly interrupted by Syriusz, which allows Sambor to outshine both of his competitors.
* Chemik manages to get the upper hand over Sambor while Dziedzic is down, but after a few ineffective attempts of securing a pinfall victory, he is taken down by a Running Knee Strike from Sambor.
* The champion leaves the ring which allows the contenders to pull off some back-and-forth action.
* Chemik eventually manages to distract Sambor by slamming Rusałka's head on the concrete floor. While the Slavic Warrior is taken down by Dziedzic, the champion targets the Soft & Proud man with a Diving Double Axe Handle.
* Sambor makes his recovery, to hit a simultaneous DDT/STO on both of his opponents. He then hits his finisher - Szczerbiec - on Dziedzic, but the pinfall is broken by the KPW star.
* Chemik gets the upper hand, hitting his finishing move on Sambor and going for the pinfall. Dziedzic tries to break it, but gets stopped by Sinister.
* Winner: Chemik by pinfall.
* Chemik briefly celebrates his successful title defence by taunting the crowd and his opponents, before leaving the ring shortly thereafter, his face showing distaste and disgust at the crowd and opponents.

#### Marcelito vs Shadow

* Timestamp: `0:29:40`
* The next match starts shortly after the previous one has ended. The announcer is not present at the ring but rather announces the competitors from ringside.
* [Marcelito](@/w/marcelito.md) makes way to the ring, gaining decent crowd support.
* [Shadow](@/w/shadow.md) is the next one to enter the ring.
* The match seems to be a babyface vs babyface exhibition, with both wrestlers showing respect to one another.
* Shadow is portrayed as the veteran, but Marcelito often outshines him by pulling off a couple of decent moves in a high-flying style, which is Shadow's speciality.
* For the best part of the match Marcelito tries to fight back Shadow's offence with solid comebacks, but then he is quickly taken down by Shadow. After an attempted Spanish Fly he is, however, able to hit a Satellite DDT and go for a pinfall, but Shadow makes a last-second recovery and kicks out at two.
* Desperate, Marcelito goes for a top-rope move, but the MZW ex-Champion makes a speedy recovery to jump onto the turnbuckle and counter Marcelito offensive with a top rope Spanish Fly and secures a pinfall victory.
* Winner: Shadow by pinfall.
* Shadow celebrates his victory on a turnbuckle, motioning the crowd to give applause to his opponent, before leaving the ring.

#### PpW Rules Match: Olgierd vs Biesiad Strong

* Timestamp: `00:42:08`
* [Olgierd](@/w/olgierd.md) makes his way to the ring rocking his solo theme song - Sicario by Słoń.
* [Biesiad's](@/w/biesiad.md) theme song is playing, while a loud "JESTEM CIEŚLĄ!" (_I'm the Carpenter_) is heard. The hyped-up crowd chants "Cieśla!" instead of the classic "Biesiad!", when he arrives on stage to throw a chair into the ring and make a big leap from stage to the apron. Seweryn quickly orders to ring the bell as the brawl starts.
* Biesiad quickly takes The Hooligan down. He takes out a can of beer from his jacket just to drink a bit of it and pour the rest on his opponent. The brawl quickly moves to the ringside, where Biesiad loses the initiative when Olgierd throws him into the seats.
* As the two fight outside the ring, the crowd chants ["Zjedz mu łeb!"](@/a/polish-wrestling-chants.md) (_Eat his head!_), which Biesiad does attempt, but Olgierd's head seems too hard for Biesiad's teeth.
* Olgierd tries to pull an unsuccessfull pinfall attempt inside the ring, then goes outside to fetch a table. While he's trying to put it inside the ring, he's countered by Biesiad, who cleverly hits one end of the table, so that the other strikes Olgierd in the face as it balances on the ring ropes. Biesiad hits his signature Table Suplex with half of the now broken object and regains control over the match.
* After smashing Olgierd's chest with a kendo stick, The Carpenter is again overpowered by his opponent who attacks him with a cardboard box from one of the sponsors - Express Pizza. The box wasn't empty, slices fly out and the crowd chants "Pizza Express". The Legionary dominates for some time using a kendo stick and his own indestructible head, before making the fatal decision to mock Biesiad with his own attempt to hit a Table Suplex. This enrages Biesiad who is not affected by his own move, and after a short power struggle he regains control by hitting a 619.
* Olgierd rolls out of the ring while Strong is setting up four tables in the corners. Olgierd manages to regain some strength at ringside, and returns to the ring to throw Biesiad at one of the tables. He tries to set up two tables in the middle of the ring to hit Biesiad with a Suplex, but The Carpenter counters and takes down Olgierd to upgrade the table construction in the middle of the ring with a third table set at an angle.
* After another back-and-forth fight between Olgierd and Biesiad, the duo brawls in a corner. Olgierd tries to put Biesiad in a Superplex, but The Carpenter manages to slip out of the hold to counter The Hooligan with a powerbomb through his table construction, and a second Table Suplex for good measure before pinning his bald opponent.
* Winner: Biesiad Strong by pinfall.
* Biesiad celebrates with the fans while the ring crew tries to clean up leftover tables, weapons, spilled beer and pizza slices from the ring.

#### Disco Pablo's Musical Chairs

* Timestamp: `01:00:22`
* [Disco Pablo](@/w/disco-pablo.md) makes his way to the ring, dancing to his new theme song. He greets the public and hypes up the show. He says that, despite the fact that he is not in any of the matches, he still wants to compete in some form of a contest, and announces that he organised a Musical Chairs competition.
* Pablo invites LOW personnel responsible for making the show happen - Ania and [ShowOff](@/w/piotr-malecki.md) enter the ring.
* Pablo announces the fourth competitor - Mr Chairman himself. He makes his way to the ring and cuts a short promo about the path that led to creating Legacy of Wrestling. After Mr Chairman's promo, the contest starts.
* The song used for Musical Chairs is a George Michael-esque cover of Bring Me the Horizon's "Throne", which is [Pawłowski's theme song](@/w/pan-pawlowski.md#in-wrestling).
* Ania is the first one to be eliminated. The crowd chants "Szowinizm!" (_chauvinism_).
* During the second round a masked person wearing a balaclava and a black hoodie enters the ring with a chair. He attacks Pablo and ShowOff, while Mr Chairman flees.
* After hitting Pablo with a cannonball, the person takes off his balaclava and reveals himself to be [Taras](@/w/taras.md) - Pablo's tag team partner from PAKA and a former [PTW Tag Team Champion](@/c/ptw-tag-team-championship.md).
* Taras hits Pablo with Go To Sleep and sets up a table to hit his best friend with a Powerbomb through it. He stops when ShowOff desperately begs him to stop the attack. Taras grabs him and chooses to put the LOW promoter through the table.
* Taras stands tall over the unconscious Pablo and ShowOff, while Arek Paterek tries to reason with him from the ringside. The ex-PTW Tag Team Champion shows little to no interest, and vacates the ring, leaving his former friends beaten up. A break is announced.

#### Break

#### Marco Hammers vs Filip Fux

* Timestamp: `01:14:14`
* [Marco Hammers](@/w/marco-hammers.md) makes his way to the ring with his tag team partner, Olgierd, proudly presenting his [PTW Intergender Championship](@/c/ptw-intergender-championship.md) belt.
* Mr. Testosterone cuts a short promo, insulting the crowd and the announcer, who forgot to announce him as the Intergender Champion, and states that "[this cuddly-cat (_kizia-mizia_) from KPW](@/w/kinga-miotke.md) would've announced him properly". He then fires up on [Filip Fux](@/w/filip-fux.md) for stealing his creatine during one of the trips to Hungary, which was covered in one of his [vlogs](https://youtu.be/mg4d7J8Fj40?t=714).
* Filip Fux interrupts Marco's promo, entering the ring with his [KPW Tag Team Championship](@/c/kpw-tag-team-championship.md) belt and creatine in hand.
* Fux offers the creatine to Marco which make him visibly happy for a short while. Upon opening it, he realises that the container is empty, he tries to attack his opponent.
* Match officially starts as Fux dominates Marco Hammers for some time, trying to secure a flash pin after many rollup variations.
* Marco regains control and begins to beat up Filip, with almost no retaliation from Fux. Finally Filip is able to make a comeback after dodging Marco's corner attack and hitting him with a Diving Crossbody, however that's still not enough to end the match. Both fighters go back-and-forth trying to hit each other with their finishing moves, but it is Filip Fux who manages to dodge the Ripcord Lariat, to hit Marco with a Cutter.
* Olgierd arrives from the backstage, and jumps on the apron to distract both the referee and Filip. This allows Marco to hit a low blow on Filip without catching Sewi's attention. After that he debuts his new finisher - the Fisherman Driver - to end the match.
* Winner: Marco Hammers by pinfall.
* Legia Łysych celebrates over the unconscious Fux's body while holding both the PTW Intergender and KPW Tag Team Championship belts up in the air. The Hooligans present the Tag Team belt to the crowd and camera, strongly suggesting that they demand a match for those championships in [KPW](@/o/kpw.md).

#### Gabriel Queen vs Aron Wake

* Timestamp: `01:28:41`
* [Aron Wake](@/w/aron-wake.md) makes his way to the ring as the first one of the competitors.
* [Gabriel Queen](@/w/gabriel-queen.md) is the second one to enter the ring. He wears a brand-new black gear and despite being loudly cheered by the crowd, he is clearly the villain in this match.
* The match starts rather slowly and calmly with both competitors feeling each other out, but it quickly gets nasty with stiff, hard-hitting strikes from both wrestlers.
* Despite some strong responses and moves from Aron, it's Queen who appears to dominate the fight by putting Wake down for most of the match and making multiple pinfall attempts.
* Aron Wake recovers and tries to hit his classic Cannonball on Gabriel, who is lying in the corner. Pure Gold's best, however, escapes the ring which does not stop Aron, who decides to hit a Cannonball from a turnbuckle to the outside. He then attempts to end the fight after a Diving Splash from the top rope, but Gabriel Queen kicks out. Aron makes another attempt with his Canadian Destroyer but Queen still cannot be beaten.
* Queen avoids Wake's Running Knee Strike just to hit his back with a Diving Double Foot Stomp and Running Lariat to end up the fight.
* Winner: Gabriel Queen by pinfall.
* Gabriel quickly taunts to celebrate his victory and leaves the defeated opponent in the ring.

#### Gustav Gryffin (c) vs Axel Fox - PpW Championship Match

* Timestamp: `01:40:04`
* [Axel Fox](@/w/axel-fox.md) makes his entrance first. He is met with huge pop and decides to celebrate with the crowd by climbing one of the staircases leading up to club's VIP lounge. The crowd calls for Axel to fuck his opponent up (_Zajeb go!_).
* When Axel is ready in the ring, [Jakub Linde](@/w/jakub-linde.md) enters the stage to announce his client in person.
* [Gustav Gryffin](@/w/gustav-gryffin.md) enters the ring holding his [PpW Championship](@/c/ppw-championship.md). The crowd boos him and [mocks his hometown of Bartoszyce](@/a/polish-wrestling-chants.md).
* Referee Seweryn lifts up the Championship and starts the match.
* The Polish Fox shines at the beginning of the match, clearly in control and attempting to score multiple flash pin victories. Gustav is visibly stunned, seeing Axel Fox in such good form and tries to avoid confrontation by cowering in the corner. He is however forced to fight by the referee. After quickly gathering himself, Gustav tries to dominate Axel with a headlock, but Fox frees himself and hits the champion with a Flying Shoulderblock. Gustav rolls out of the ring while being mocked by Axel, which leads to the frustrated Gustav spitting in Axel's eye. Axel wants to chase after Gryffin around the ringside, but gets stopped by Linde, who receives a stern warning from the referee for trying to interfere in the match.
* The distraction allows Gustav to regain control over the match for some time, but soon after the Championship contender gains the initiative to fight back. A short ringside brawl ensues and Gustav is soon again the dominating force. He punishes Axel Fox for quite some time, both in-ring and at ringside, where he leaves the wounded Fox to be counted out. Fox manages to get back in the ring when at the nine count, but Gustav still controls the match until Fox manages to hit a Stunner to start his comeback.
* Axel lands couple of strong moves on Gustav and tries to climb the top rope to perform his Firefox Elbow Drop, but Gustav cuts him off and tries to respond with an Air Raid Crash. Fox however counters it into a huge Powerbomb on Gustav, which nearly ends the fight before Gryffin manages to kick out at the very last microsecond.
* Fox tries to hit another running move, but Gustav protects himself by faking an injury, which distracts the referee and stops Axel. This gives Linde an opportunity to jump onto the apron and choke Axel, but the Referee notices and throws Gustav's personal trainer out. While they're arguing, he also receives a Bicycle Kick from Fox. This however allows Gustav to hit a Powerbomb and a Lariat on Axel, which results in another near fall.
* Both wrestlers, now exhausted, exchange strikes until the challenger gets the upper hand to finally hit Gustav with a powerful knee right to the head, and goes for a Diving Elbow Drop to finish the match.
* Axel Fox pins Gustav and Referee Seweryn counts to three. Crowd goes wild as Axel Fox is crowned the new PpW Champion.
* As Axel still celebrates, Sinister and Mr Chairman enter the ring to talk with Referee Seweryn, who goes from joy to despair in a single second after hearing the news.
* Finally, after a brief period of chaos, Arek Paterek returns to the microphone and announces that, due to fact that Gustav Gryffin's left hand was under the ropes - signalising a rope break - the three-count Referee Seweryn made was in fact invalid. The match is announced to be restarted immediately, much to Axel's despair.
* The PpW Championship is taken from the heartbroken Fox's hands as the bell rings again. Axel doesn't even realise what happened as Gustav quickly and forcefully goes after him with a Rear Naked Choke and wins the match.
* Winner: Gustav Gryffin by technical submission.
* Gustav celebrates his victory with Jakub Linde, much to the crowd's heat. He declares that nobody will be ever able to dethrone him. The crowd chants "Bullshit!"

#### Ending

* [Łukasz "Balik" Baliński](@/w/lukasz-balinski.md) enters the ring. He says that, although the finish was what it was, Legacy of Wrestling wants to thank everyone who came to see the event and supported them during their first show. The crowd chants "Legacy" and the show ends.

{% end %}

## References

* [Cagematch event page](https://www.cagematch.net/?id=1&nr=413989)
* [Full show on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=59q59Geo9lI)
* [Video: Axel Fox vs Gustav Gryffin](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_mFSxdyCS3E), full match with uncensored audio (a.k.a. the _Bartoszyce cut_)
* [Facebook post](https://www.facebook.com/permalink.php?story_fbid=953679250090327&id=61564064601704&substory_index=953679250090327) revealing the date and location
* [Facebook post announcing Filip Fux](https://www.facebook.com/legacyofwrestlingpl/posts/pfbid02bYTyBjkfvHM6T855SevFgttXzRVqKgD962qh3Y8GGwDnt3KueYr7zy3ohmfRa9Krl), using a photo from [Arena 22](@/e/kpw/2023-05-19-kpw-arena-22.md).
* [Accompanying YouTube video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VltQ9RVeoOk)
* [Facebook post](https://www.facebook.com/legacyofwrestlingpl/posts/122123857724468820?ref=embed_post) announcing the TV Deal with Extreme Sports Channel
* [Fancam by Istota Wrestlingu, part 1](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=04AHC5fhXy4)
* [Fancam by Istota Wrestlingu, part 2](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YBt-w_Bpmc4)

[yt-chemik-challenge]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QwlnIhkcN40
[no-longman-but-axel]: https://www.facebook.com/61564064601704/posts/pfbid0yvLfMWzEZ7YpKkm82eBGxai61SL9AaBEh38RxJU7iS1bYAxQKqntyrMfwQLPhzUpl
[lysy-vlog-creatine-controversy]: https://youtu.be/mg4d7J8Fj40?t=714
