+++
title = "Legacy of Wrestling vol. 3"
template = "event_page.html"
authors = ["M3n747", "Krzysztof Zych"]
[taxonomies]
chronology = ["low", "ryucon"]
venue=["tauron-arena"]
[extra]
city = "Kraków"
toclevel = 2
has_video = true
[extra.gallery]
manifest = "@/e/low/2025-07-11-low-3-gallery.toml"
+++

The third [Legacy of Wrestling](@/o/low.md) show took place in the [Tauron Arena](@/v/tauron-arena.md) in Kraków, on Friday, 11th of July 2025. That Friday was the first day of Ryucon 2025, a manga-themed convention which for the previous three years hosted shows by [Prime Time Wrestling](@/o/ptw.md).

## Build-up

* At [Legacy vol. 2](@/e/low/2025-04-06-low-2.md) [Disco Pablo](@/w/disco-pablo.md) confronted [Taras](@/w/taras.md) and challanged him to a fight. Taras initially refused, but relented when Pablo gave him the choice of stipulation.
* On 4.06.2025 Legacy published [a video][uliczne-disco] in which Taras announced his decision. The match between him and Pablo is going to be a Street Fight, with a "[certain green individual](@/w/boro.md)" who just came back from France acting as a Special Guest Referee.
* The first officially announced fight, on 30.06.2025, was [David Oliwa](@/w/david-oliwa.md) vs Hungarian wrestler Zétény, in a Road to the Title Match.
* On 2.07.2025 Legacy announced [Axel Fox](@/w/axel-fox.md) vs [Dieter Schwartz](@/w/dieter-schwartz.md), who previously made a few appearances for [MZW](@/o/mzw.md) shows.
* The following day Legacy released a [video][marco-wszystkich-rozwali] of [Marco Hammers](@/w/marco-hammers.md) training with [Wiktor](@/w/wiktor-longman.md) and being given a spot on the card in the title tournament, against a mystery opponent.
* On 6.07.2025, Legacy's social media recalled the creation of [Arek Paterek's](@/w/arek-paterek.md) "Press Office", and his first international client - Erik Šlotiř. Erik won his five-man match, and the Press Office demanded a more challenging opponent for him at the third show. The Czech wrestler was announced for the show, "in action" but with no further details.
* On 6.07.2025 Legacy announced the main event of the show: a Six-Man Tag-Team match of [Olgierd](@/w/olgierd.md), [Chemik](@/w/chemik.md) and [Gustav Gryffin](@/w/gustav-gryffin.md) vs [Syriusz Dziedzic](@/w/dziedzic.md), [Sambor](@/w/sambor.md) and [Bartosz Plata](@/w/plata.md).
* On 9.08.2025 Legacy released a [video][gabrys-mizia-koziolka] of [Gabriel Queen](@/w/gabriel-queen.md) in which he addresses Legacy's Mr Chairman, demanding a match for the title contendership - "no matter how many [opponents], no mater where, no matter how". Later that day an image was posted putting Queen in a Triple Threat Match with [Oskar Alexander](@/w/oskar-alexander.md) and [Filip Fux](@/w/filip-fux.md).

## Card

{% card() %}
- - '[David Oliwa](@/w/david-oliwa.md)'
  - 'Zétény'
  - s: Road to the Title Match
- - '[Max Speed](@/w/max-speed.md)'
  - '[Marco Hammers](@/w/marco-hammers.md)'
  - s: Road to the Title Match
    r: DQ
- - '[Matt Buckna](@/w/matt-buckna.md)(c)'
  - '[Erik Šlotíř](@/w/erik-slotir.md) w/ [Arek Paterek](@/w/arek-paterek.md)'
  - 'Yaqoob'
  - c: '[MZW Championship](@/c/mzw-championship.md)'
    s: Triple Threat Match
- - '[Disco Pablo](@/w/disco-pablo.md)'
  - '[Taras](@/w/taras.md)'
  - s: 'Ryucon Street Fight'
- - '[Gabriel Queen](@/w/gabriel-queen.md)'
  - '[Oskar Alexander](@/w/oskar-alexander.md)'
  - '[Filip Fux](@/w/filip-fux.md)'
  - s: Road to the Title Triple Threat Match
- - '[Axel Fox](@/w/axel-fox.md)'
  - '[Dieter Schwartz](@/w/dieter-schwartz.md)'
- - '[Olgierd](@/w/olgierd.md) & [Chemik](@/w/chemik.md) & [Gustav Gryffin](@/w/gustav-gryffin.md)'
  - '[Syriusz Dziedzic](@/w/dziedzic.md) & [Sambor](@/w/sambor.md) & [Bartosz Plata](@/w/plata.md)'
  - s: Six-Man Tag-Team Match
- - '[Gustav Gryffin](@/w/gustav-gryffin.md)'
  - '[Axel Fox](@/w/axel-fox.md)'
  - '[David Oliwa](@/w/david-oliwa.md)'
  - '[Max Speed](@/w/max-speed.md)'
  - '[Syriusz Dziedzic](@/w/dziedzic.md)'
  - '[Gabriel Queen](@/w/gabriel-queen.md)'
  - g: 'Contenders for the Legacy title cut promos, which turns into a brawl.'
- credits:
    Referees: '[Sędzia Kornel](@/w/sedzia-kornel.md), [Sędzia Seweryn](@/w/sedzia-seweryn.md)'
    Special Guest Referee: '[Boro](@/w/boro.md)'
    Host, Ring Announcer: '[Wiktor](@/w/wiktor-longman.md)'
    Commentary: '[Piotr "ShowOff" Małecki](@/w/piotr-malecki.md), [Łukasz Baliński](@/w/lukasz-balinski.md), [Arek Paterek](@/w/arek-paterek.md), CJ Miami'
    Interviewer: '[Joker](@/w/joker.md)'
{% end %}

### Highlights

* [Aron Wake](@/w/aron-wake.md), despite being featured prominently on the show's poster, did not compete due to an injury sustained at [MZW Green Madness](@/e/mzw/2025-06-28-mzw-green-madness.md). He was present in the audience, wearing his Pikachu kigurumi suit.
* Max Speed received chants of "Welcome Home" on his surprise appearance. He had recently parted ways with [Prime Time Wrestling](@/o/ptw.md) to become a free agent, but did not hint at working with Legacy.
* Erik Šlotíř entered with Arek Paterek, who grabbed the mic and cut a brief promo hyping his client and lightly deriding the audience for participating in activities at the convention, such as cosplay, [Naruto][gabriel-narutowicz] karaoke and ramen eating contest ("Jajko to może być w żurku, a nie w rosole!" - _Eggs go in [żurek][jourreques], not in [rosół][best-soup]!_).
* When Bahraini wrestler Yaqoob entered to face Erik, Paterek grabbed the mic again and demanded explanations from Acting Chairman Wiktor. This led to him announcing that the match was now a Triple Threat, and introducing the night's second surprise contender - MZW Champion [Matt Buckna](@/w/matt-buckna.md), who then proceeded to make it a championship match.
* One of the weapons used in Taras vs Disco Pablo were some plastic LEGO-like bricks. Some of them fell out of the ring, prompting a few children from the audience to run in and pick them up.
* Special Guest Referee Boro remained impartial for the most of the match. It wasn't until Taras shoved Boro that the referee answered with a slap to his face and then proceeded to assist Disco Pablo with a tag-team move, putting Taras through a table, followed shortly thereafter with a three-count.
* After the main event concluded, Gustav Gryffin stayed in the ring and cut a promo. He was interrupted by Axel Fox, who was in turn interrupted by David Oliwa, who was then interrupted by Max Speed. The four then started brawling and were quickly joined by Syriusz Dziedzic, followed by Gabriel Queen. After a short brawl, Queen was the last man standing in the ring.
* At the end of the official video with the full show, [Arek Paterek](@/w/arek-paterek.md) is seen talking to [Sambor](@/w/sambor.md), telling him he surrounds himself with the wrong people. He then says that it can be very easily remedied, implying that he wants Sambor to join him and [Erik Šlotíř](@/w/erik-slotir.md) in Biuro Prasowe.

## References

* [Cagematch event page](https://www.cagematch.net/?id=1&nr=425357)
* [Full show on Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NyUepbql6jY)
* [Video announcing the date and place of the show](https://www.facebook.com/legacyofwrestlingpl/videos/1209475247303707)
* [The same video on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VQgkf_uaaOw)
* [Video: Taras announces his decision][uliczne-disco]
* [Video: Longman gives Marco a spot on the card][marco-wszystkich-rozwali]
* [Video: Gabriel Queen demands a fight][gabrys-mizia-koziolka]

[uliczne-disco]: https://www.facebook.com/watch/?v=1255085909641448
[marco-wszystkich-rozwali]: https://www.facebook.com/legacyofwrestlingpl/videos/1507398263975287
[gabrys-mizia-koziolka]: https://www.facebook.com/legacyofwrestlingpl/videos/723658897295884/
[gabriel-narutowicz]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Naruto
[jourreques]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sour_cereal_soup#Poland
[best-soup]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ros%C3%B3%C5%82
