content/e/low/2025-12-20-low-4.md, before:

+++
title = "Legacy of Wrestling: Four the Glory"
template = "event_page.html"
authors = ["M3n747"]
[taxonomies]
chronology = ["low"]
venue=["krolestwo-katowice"]
[extra]
city = "Katowice"
toclevel = 2
[extra.gallery]
+++

Four the Glory is an upcoming show by [Legacy of Wrestling](@/o/low.md), set to return to [Królestwo music club](@/v/krolestwo-katowice.md) in Katowice.

Like at the [second show](@/e/low/2025-04-06-low-2.md), two tiers of tickets were made available. In addition to regular tickets there was also a special package with a limited T-shirt bearing a "Legacy of Wrestling vol. √16" logo, referencing a joke made by one of the fans.

On 2.10.2025 a [live Q&A][live-qa-4] took place, hosted by [Wiktor D.](@/w/wiktor-longman.md) in addition to the usual host [ShowOff](@/w/piotr-malecki.md).

## Build-up

* On 7.11.2025 Legacy announced the first wrestler to appear at the show: [Gulyás Öcsi](@/w/gulyas-ocsi.md).
* On 10.11.2025 Legacy announced that [Rosetti](@/w/rosetti.md) will be the guest commentator for the show.
* On 13.11.2025 Legacy announced [Disco Pablo](@/w/disco-pablo.md) vs [Erik Šlotíř](@/w/erik-slotir.md) in a 12 Weapons of Christmas No-DQ Match, in which twelve "presents" will be placed in and around the ring.

## Predicted card

{% card(predicted=true) %}
- - '[Gulyás Öcsi](@/w/gulyas-ocsi.md)'
  - '???'
  - nc: upcoming
- - '[Disco Pablo](@/w/disco-pablo.md)'
  - '[Erik Šlotíř](@/w/erik-slotir.md)'
  - s: '12 Weapons of Christmas No-DQ Match'
    nc: upcoming
- credits:
    Commentary: '[Rosetti](@/w/rosetti.md)'
{% end %}

### Recap

* TBD

## References

* [Cagematch event page](https://www.cagematch.net/?id=1&nr=439263)
* [Live Q&A][live-qa-4], hosted by ShowOff and Wiktor D.

[live-qa-4]:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SBj0L6zR8mM

Commit message:

Main event LOW 4, wstępny szkic teczki pasa

content/e/low/2025-12-20-low-4.md, after:

+++
title = "Legacy of Wrestling: Four the Glory"
template = "event_page.html"
authors = ["M3n747"]
[taxonomies]
chronology = ["low"]
venue=["krolestwo-katowice"]
[extra]
city = "Katowice"
toclevel = 2
[extra.gallery]
+++

Four the Glory is an upcoming show by [Legacy of Wrestling](@/o/low.md), set to return to [Królestwo music club](@/v/krolestwo-katowice.md) in Katowice.

Like at the [second show](@/e/low/2025-04-06-low-2.md), two tiers of tickets were made available. In addition to regular tickets there was also a special package with a limited T-shirt bearing a "Legacy of Wrestling vol. √16" logo, referencing a joke made by one of the fans.

On 2.10.2025 a [live Q&A][live-qa-4] took place, hosted by [Wiktor D.](@/w/wiktor-longman.md) in addition to the usual host [ShowOff](@/w/piotr-malecki.md).

## Build-up

* On 7.11.2025 Legacy announced the first wrestler to appear at the show: [Gulyás Öcsi](@/w/gulyas-ocsi.md).
* On 10.11.2025 Legacy announced that [Rosetti](@/w/rosetti.md) will be the guest commentator for the show.
* On 13.11.2025 Legacy announced [Disco Pablo](@/w/disco-pablo.md) vs [Erik Šlotíř](@/w/erik-slotir.md) in a 12 Weapons of Christmas No-DQ Match, in which twelve "presents" will be placed in and around the ring.
* On 16.11.2025 Legacy announced the main event of the show: a Six-Way Elimination Match between [Gustav Gryffin](@/w/gustav-gryffin.md), [Syriusz Dziedzic](@/w/dziedzic.md), [Gabriel Queen](@/w/gabriel-queen.md), [Max Speed](@/w/max-speed.md), [Axel Fox](@/w/axel-fox.md) and [David Oliwa](@/w/david-oliwa.md). The same post revealed the name of LOW's first title: the [Legacy of Wrestling European Championship](@/c/kpw-tag-team-championship.md).

## Predicted card

{% card(predicted=true) %}
- - '[Gulyás Öcsi](@/w/gulyas-ocsi.md)'
  - '???'
  - nc: upcoming
- - '[Disco Pablo](@/w/disco-pablo.md)'
  - '[Erik Šlotíř](@/w/erik-slotir.md)'
  - s: '12 Weapons of Christmas No-DQ Match'
    nc: upcoming
- - '[Gustav Gryffin](@/w/gustav-gryffin.md)'
  - '[Syriusz Dziedzic](@/w/dziedzic.md)'
  - '[Gabriel Queen](@/w/gabriel-queen.md)'
  - '[Max Speed](@/w/max-speed.md)'
  - '[Axel Fox](@/w/axel-fox.md)'
  - '[David Oliwa](@/w/david-oliwa.md)'
  - s: Six-Way Elimination Match
    c: '[Legacy of Wrestling European Championship](@/c/kpw-tag-team-championship.md)'
    nc: upcoming
- credits:
    Commentary: '[Rosetti](@/w/rosetti.md)'
{% end %}

### Recap

* TBD

## References

* [Cagematch event page](https://www.cagematch.net/?id=1&nr=439263)
* [Live Q&A][live-qa-4], hosted by ShowOff and Wiktor D.

[live-qa-4]:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SBj0L6zR8mM
