+++
title = "Legacy of Wrestling: Four the Glory"
template = "event_page.html"
authors = ["M3n747"]
[taxonomies]
chronology = ["low"]
venue=["krolestwo-katowice"]
[extra]
city = "Katowice"
toclevel = 2
[extra.gallery]
+++

Four the Glory was a show by [Legacy of Wrestling](@/o/low.md), once again held in [Królestwo music club](@/v/krolestwo-katowice.md) in Katowice.

Like at the [second show](@/e/low/2025-04-06-low-2.md), two tiers of tickets were made available. In addition to regular tickets there was also a special package with a limited T-shirt bearing a "Legacy of Wrestling vol. √16" logo, referencing a joke made by one of the fans.

On 2.10.2025 a [live Q&A][live-qa-4] took place, hosted by [Wiktor D.](@/w/wiktor-longman.md) in addition to the usual host [ShowOff](@/w/piotr-malecki.md).

## Build-up

* On 7.11.2025 Legacy revealed the first wrestler to appear at the show: [Gulyás Öcsi](@/w/gulyas-ocsi.md). This his debut for the promotion, but he has previously competed for [KPW](@/o/kpw.md) at [Arena 25](@/e/kpw/2024-05-17-kpw-arena-25.md) and several times for [PTW](@/o/ptw.md), most recently in June 2025 at [Złoto Dla Zuchwałych](@/e/ptw/2025-06-28-ptw-zloto-dla-zuchwalych.md).
* On 10.11.2025 Legacy announced that [Rosetti](@/w/rosetti.md) will be joining the commentary team as a guest. Rosetti recently took on commentary duties in KPW after a 10 year in-ring career.
* On 13.11.2025 Legacy booked [Disco Pablo](@/w/disco-pablo.md) vs [Erik Šlotíř](@/w/erik-slotir.md) in a 12 Weapons of Christmas No-DQ Match, in which twelve "presents" will be placed in and around the ring.
* Three days later, on 16.11.2025, the main event was revealed: a Six-Way Elimination Match between [Gustav Gryffin](@/w/gustav-gryffin.md), [Syriusz Dziedzic](@/w/dziedzic.md), [Gabriel Queen](@/w/gabriel-queen.md), [Max Speed](@/w/max-speed.md), [Axel Fox](@/w/axel-fox.md) and [David Oliwa](@/w/david-oliwa.md). The same post revealed the name of LOW's first title: the [Legacy of Wrestling European Championship](@/c/low-european-championship.md). The victor of the match will become the inaugural champion.
* On 27.11.2025 [Robert Star](@/w/robert-star.md) was confirmed for the event, with no information regarding his opponent.
* Following that, on 4.12.2025 Legacy announced Curtis Black vs [Marco Hammers](@/w/marco-hammers.md). Black, alongside Barbarossa, previously challenged the [Fux Brothers](@/tt/bracia-fux.md) for their [KPW Tag Team Championship](@/c/kpw-tag-team-championship.md) at [KPW Arena 29](@/e/kpw/2025-06-20-kpw-arena-29.md).
* 10.12.2025 saw the announcement of [Olgierd](@/w/olgierd.md) (the current [PpW Champion](@/c/ppw-championship.md)) vs [Shadow](@/w/shadow.md) in a non-title match.
* The final match announced for the show, on 14.12.2025, was a Triple Threat Match betweem [Filip Fux](@/w/filip-fux.md), [Gulyás Öcsi](@/w/gulyas-ocsi.md) and [Robert Star](@/w/robert-star.md).
* The day before the show Legacy published a [post][krecika-nie-bedzie] on Facebook informing that Erik Šlotíř won't appear due to an injury. Disco Pablo's match is still in effect, but his opponent won't be known until the last moment.

## Card

{% card() %}
- - 'Curtis Black'
  - '[Marco Hammers](@/w/marco-hammers.md)'
- - '["The Riverman" Tony Sheen](@/w/riverman.md)'
  - '[Disco Pablo](@/w/disco-pablo.md)'
  - s: '12 Weapons of Christmas No-DQ Match'
- - '["Lady Killer" Boro](@/w/boro.md)'
  - '[Marcelito](@/w/marcelito.md)'
  - s: Marcelito's Open Challenge
- - '[Filip Fux](@/w/filip-fux.md)'
  - '[Gulyás Öcsi](@/w/gulyas-ocsi.md)'
  - '[Robert Star](@/w/robert-star.md)'
  - s: Triple Threat Match
- - '[Olgierd](@/w/olgierd.md)'
  - '[Shadow](@/w/shadow.md)'
  - s: Non-Title Match
- - 'Mr Chairman'
  - 'Ania'
  - g: "Mr Chairman announces Ania's retirement"
- - '[Axel Fox](@/w/axel-fox.md)'
  - '[Gustav Gryffin](@/w/gustav-gryffin.md)'
  - '[Syriusz Dziedzic](@/w/dziedzic.md)'
  - '[Gabriel Queen](@/w/gabriel-queen.md)'
  - '[Max Speed](@/w/max-speed.md)'
  - '[David Oliwa](@/w/david-oliwa.md)'
  - s: Six-Way Elimination Match
    c: '[Legacy of Wrestling European Championship](@/c/low-european-championship.md)'
- credits:
    Host, Ring Announcer: '[Adrian Zgórski](@/w/adrian-zgorski.md)'
    Referees: '[Sędzia Seweryn](@/w/sedzia-seweryn.md), [Sędzia Karol Górski](@/w/madman-charlie.md)'
    Commentary: '[Rosetti](@/w/rosetti.md), ???'
    Interviewer: 'Narys'
{% end %}

### Recap

* The show was hosted by [Adrian Zgórski](@/w/adrian-zgorski.md) from [Maniac Zone Wrestling](@/o/mzw.md). Unlike in his home promotion, where he opens with [Michael Buffer's][michal-bufor] trademark(-ed) phrase "Let's get ready to rumble!", here he went with the Polish "Lecimy po zwycięstwo!" (_Let's go for the victory!_), which has a similar rhythm and the same number of syllables.
* During the opener, Curtis Black ended up on his knees by the ropes. The crowd started to chant "6-1-9!", urging Marco Hammers to perform the move on his opponent. Marco obliged but comically botched the spot, earning him a big round of applause and a chant of "Dziękujemy!" (_Thank you!_). Annoyed, Marco flipped the audience off.
* For the 12 Weapons of Christmas Match, [Sędzia Seweryn](@/w/sedzia-seweryn.md) came in carrying a few gift bags and two long, narrow items wrapped in colourful paper. Other similarly gift-wrapped items had been placed under the ring prior to the start of the show.
* Just like at [MZW Zjedz Mu Łeb](@/e/mzw/2025-09-27-mzw-zjedz-mu-leb.md), Adrian Zgórski and [Disco Pablo](@/w/disco-pablo.md) briefly got down to Pablo's theme song.
* Erik Šlotíř's replacement turned out to be [Tony Sheen](@/w/riverman.md), in his debut for Legacy.
* Pablo and Tony started the match by each taking one of the long items held by [Sędzia Seweryn](@/w/sedzia-seweryn.md). After Pablo made his pick, Sheen said he wanted "the longer one" and snatched the present from his opponent's hands, leacing Pablo with his unwanted gift. After unwrapping it turned out Tony got a broom handle, and Disco Pablo got a kendo stick.
* Another present were a pair of headphones. When placed by Pablo on Tony's head, they caused Sheen to briefly dance to some electronic music, conveniently played over the loudspeakers for the benefit of the audience. Disco Pablo joined him, and even Seweryn moved his body a little.
* Other presents included a stepladder, a toy dart gun (used by Pablo to assault Tony's crotch), a roll of black duct tape, a leather belt, a steel chair, some Christmas ornaments (one of which Disco Pablo attempted to shove up Riverman's derrière, at the crowd's behest) and a length of steel chain (which Tony choked Pablo with, earning him some ["Olgierd!"](@/e/ppw/2025-12-06-ppw-duch-swiat-smak-krwi.md) chants).
* After winning the match, Tony Sheen opened the final present for himself: a T-shirt of [Arek Paterek's](@/w/arek-paterek.md) stable, Biuro Prasowe, which he officially joined.
* Tony then grabbed the steel chair and was about to attack the defeated Pablo, when suddenly the lights went out. When they came back, [Marcelito](@/w/marcelito.md) was on a turnbuckle, waiting to attack the Riverman as soon as he turned around.
* After chasing Sheen away, Marcelito issued an open challenge. It was answered by ["Lady Killer" Boro](@/w/boro.md).
* At one point Boro put on a pink rubber glove, prompting the crowd to chant "Palec w dupę!" (_Finger up the ass!_) for his signature Oil Check move. He signaled his intention to do it to Marcelito, swinging his gloved arm, but suddenly stopped mid-step and flipped the audience off.
* Later, Marcelito took the glove from Boro's hand and put it on himself, once again eliciting the same chants. However, before he could deliver, Boro counterattacked and pinned him.
* [Filip Fux](@/w/filip-fux.md) used Steel Panther's [_Party All Day_][sp-party] as his one-off entrance theme, taunting [Robert Star](@/w/robert-star.md) who used it during his time in KPW.
* Fed up with the taunting, Robert Star started the match with a sudden Stallion Cutter to Filip Fux, removing him from the equation for a couple of minutes. After returning to the ring, Filip tried to reciprocate with his own Mother Cutter to Robert, but to no avail. Fux attempted the move a few more times throughout the match, on both opponents, failing each time but the last.
* [Olgierd](@/w/olgierd.md) came out with the [PpW Championship](@/c/ppw-championship.md) wrapped around his neck like a scarf. When he tilted his head back to chug a can of energy drink, the belt slipped to the ground.
* During his fight with [Shadow](@/w/shadow.md), Olgierd was slipped the PpW Championship belt by [Marco Hammers](@/w/marco-hammers.md), who then proceeded to distract [Sędzia Karol](@/w/madman-charlie.md). Before Olgierd could clobber his opponent with the belt, however, Shadow's real-life girlfriend hopped onto the ring apron and slapped the bald hooligan, giving the MZW veteran an opening.
* Before the main event, Legacy's Mr Chairman came out carrying a steel chair. He asked Merch Stand Ania to join him in the ring and have a seat (as "payback" for her loss in the Musical Chairs at [Legacy 1](@/e/low/2024-12-01-low-1.md)), as he announced her retirement from wrestling due to personal reasons. Still, he said, Ania's dream is to run the merch stand of every possible Polish promotion ("And now [PpW](@/o/ppw.md), [KPW](@/o/kpw.md), [MZW](@/o/mzw.md) - you know what to do).
* Adrian Zgórski kept getting ["Pokaż dupę!"](@/a/polish-wrestling-chants.md#calls-to-action) (_Show your ass!_) chants at various points of the show. Eventually, seemingly annoyed with them, he yelled back "I can't! I'd have to apply for a bonus." (_Nie mogę! Musiałbym wnioskować o jakąś dopłatę._)
* [Syriusz Dziedzic](@/w/dziedzic.md) returned to his all-black ring gear from before [the first Legacy show](@/e/low/2024-12-01-low-1.md).
* After receiving a Body Slam from [Gustav Gryffin](@/w/gustav-gryffin.md), [Gabriel Queen](@/w/gabriel-queen.md) could be heard saying "Fucking hell, that hurt!" (_Ja pierdolę, jak to bolało!_).
* [Max Speed](@/w/max-speed.md) performed a high-risk move by climbing the stairs to the club's mezzanine and jumping onto his opponents.
* [David Oliwa](@/w/david-oliwa.md) and Gustav Gryffin got into an argument about who does the best Spinebuster, which turned to an impromptu competition to determine just that. First Gustav hit the move on Gabriel Queen, then Oliwa on Fox and lastly Gustav on Oliwa. He promptly followed it by dropping onto David with his full wieght, causing the downed opponent to exclaim "Fuck, he's heavy!" (_Kurwa, jaki ciężki!_).
* Queen attempted a Powerbomb on Oliwa, who reversed it into a Belly-to-Back Piledriver on Queen, who tried reversing it into a roll-up on Oliwa, who reversed it into a successful pin.
* Fox hit Oliwa with a Cutter at the same time as Gryffin hit him with a slam.
* Order of eliminations:
  1. Syriusz Dziedzic by Gabriel Queen
  2. Max Speed by Gabriel Queen
  3. Gabriel Queen by David Oliwa
  4. David Oliwa by Axel Fox & Gustav Gryffin
  5. Gustav Gryffin by Axel Fox
* After his victory, Fox received "Judas!" (_Judasz!_) chants.
* When asked by Adrian Zgórski if he'd like to say something to the audience as the new Champion, he only replied with "This is no longer my audience" (_To już nie jest moja publiczność_).
* [Chemik](@/w/chemik.md) was present at the backstage, but unlike at the previous three shows, this time he didn't have a match.

## References

* [Cagematch event page](https://www.cagematch.net/?id=1&nr=439263)
* [Live Q&A][live-qa-4], hosted by ShowOff and Wiktor D.

[live-qa-4]:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SBj0L6zR8mM
[krecika-nie-bedzie]: https://www.facebook.com/legacyofwrestlingpl/posts/pfbid02VyLRYA7QmtV9ss6XW3o7iELxRRZ8U6gxDcCeb7sUWYTc1yXwaL1xZhXkAubqHb5vl
[michal-bufor]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Michael_Buffer
[sp-party]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N3mKVmpol20
