+++
title = "Legacy of Wrestling vol. 2"
template = "event_page.html"
authors = ["M3n747", "Krzysztof Zych", "Szymon Iwulski"]
[taxonomies]
chronology = ["low"]
venue=["krolestwo-katowice"]
[extra]
city = "Katowice"
toclevel = 2
[extra.gallery]
manifest = "@/e/low/2025-04-06-low-2-gallery.toml"
+++

The second [Legacy of Wrestling](@/o/low.md) show took place in the [Królestwo music club](@/v/krolestwo-katowice.md) in Katowice, on Sunday April 6th 2025.

Two tiers of tickets were made available for this show - regular tickets, and limited VIP tickets (available until mid-March) that also include the show's T-shirt and a poster signed by the wrestlers. The official Patronite wasn't promoted this time.

A [live Q&A][live-qa-3] took place the day after the announcement of the show, to answer fans' questions.

Like the [first show](@/e/low/2024-12-01-low-1.md), this one also aired on the Extreme Sports channel (debuting on April 19th), and was later uploaded to the official Legacy YouTube channel (on May 11th).

## Build-up

* On 6.03.2025 a [recording][rozmowa] of a call between [Dziedzic](@/w/dziedzic.md) and Mr. Chairman was released. In it, Dziedzic insisted on getting his revenge on [Sinister](@/w/sinister.md) for interfering at the [last show](@/e/low/2024-12-01-low-1.md). Mr. Chairman agreed, and promised something extra.
* On the next day, Legacy announced the debut of [Greg](@/w/greg.md) from [Kombat Pro Wrestling](@/o/kpw.md).
* On 9.03.2025 Kubes, an American independent wrestler of Polish descent, was officially confirmed.
* On 12.03.2025 Legacy announced the debut of [Vic Golden](@/w/vic-golden.md), currently affiliated with [PpW](@/o/ppw.md).
* At the [first show](@/e/low/2024-12-01-low-1.md), [Marco Hammers](@/w/marco-hammers.md) and [Olgierd](@/w/olgierd.md) expressed interest in Filip's title. On 14.03.2025 Legacy announced that the second show's main event would be a Tag-Team Match bewteen the Fux Brothers and Legia Łysych for the [KPW Tag Team Championship](@/c/kpw-tag-team-championship.md).
* All graphics released up to this point had a typo: the dates said 2024, not 2025.
* On 17.03, it was [confirmed][greg-v-golden] that Vic Golden and Greg would face each other. This match is the Legacy debut for both of them.
* Legacy [announced][title-road-1] [Gabriel Queen](@/w/gabriel-queen.md) vs [Axel Fox](@/w/axel-fox.md) on 21.03, stating that this will be a Road to the Title Match, with the winner qualifying for the future contendership for the Legacy Championship, intended to be introduced at some, as yet unknown, point in the future.
* The next day saw the [announcement][title-road-2] of [Gustav Gryffin](@/w/gustav-gryffin.md) vs Kubes as another Road to the Title Match.
* On 23.03 Legacy posted an announcement stating that [Disco Pablo](@/w/disco-pablo.md) would appear on the show and address the events of the [first one](@/e/low/2024-12-01-low-1.md), where he and [ShowOff](@/w/piotr-malecki.md) were attacked by [Taras](@/w/taras.md).
* Less than 24 hours later another post announced that [Robert Star](@/w/robert-star.md) would make an appearance as a special guest, to "observe the show up close".
* On 26.03.2025 Legacy announced [David Oliwa](@/w/david-oliwa.md) would have a match against an unspecified opponent.
* On 28.03.2025, Legacy released a [kayfabe phone call][phone-call] recording of [Arek Paterek](@/w/arek-paterek.md) commenting on "the events that transpired at the first show". He criticised LOW's "unsafe working environment" and Mr Chairman's inability to "get things done". Paterek demanded a "personal immunity clause" to be written into his contract and promised to bring along someone who would "help Mr Chairman get things sorted out". The whole tirade seemingly pertains to Taras attacking Disco Pablo and ShowOff, but it turns out that Paterek is more concerned with the finish of the show and the messy main event. The recording ends with him confirming that all he said also applies to ShowOff being attacked.
* On 30.03.2025 Legacy announced that [Taras](@/w/taras.md) intends to appear at the show and, like Disco Pablo, also address the events of the first event.
* On 31.03.2025 Legacy confirmed [Sinister](@/w/sinister.md) vs [Syriusz Dziedzic](@/w/dziedzic.md), and announced that it would be another Road to the Title Match.
* Later that same day, Legacy released a [video][marceli-dinozaur] in which [Marcelito](@/w/marcelito.md) states his new goal is to "turn off the lights" of every legend of Polish wrestling, and calls for a fight against "a real legend, a veteran, a dinosaur of the Polish wrestling scene" - implying his match could be against David Oliwa.
* The next day Legacy officially confirmed [David Oliwa](@/w/david-oliwa.md) vs [Marcelito](@/w/marcelito.md).
* On 4.04.2025 Legacy announced an eleventh hour addition to the card - a Fatal Five-Way match between [Shadow](@/w/shadow.md), [Biesiad Strong](@/w/biesiad.md), [Aron Wake](@/w/aron-wake.md), [Sambor](@/w/sambor.md) and an unspecified fifth opponent. Originally planned as a 4-way, it was expanded after a "familiar face", who wished to remain anonymous for the time being, contacted the promotion and suggested adding the fifth person to the match. Due to Biesiad's arrest by PM Shooter henchmen at [PpW Teraz Albo Nigdy](@/e/ppw/2025-03-15-ppw-teraz-albo-nigdy.md), the match might return to the 4-way formula, should he fail to appear.

## Card

{% card() %}
- - '[Arek Paterek](@/w/arek-paterek.md), [Wiktor Longman](@/w/wiktor-longman.md)'
  - g: 'Paterek introduces the new Legacy "acting Chairman" and show host Longman.'
- - '[Gustav Gryffin](@/w/gustav-gryffin.md)'
  - 'Kubes'
  - s: Road to the Title Match
    r: submission
- - '[Syriusz Dziedzic](@/w/dziedzic.md)'
  - '[Sinister](@/w/sinister.md)'
  - s: Road to the Title Match
    r: DQ
- - '[David Oliwa](@/w/david-oliwa.md)'
  - '[Marcelito](@/w/marcelito.md)'
- - '[Greg](@/w/greg.md) & [Robert Star](@/w/robert-star.md)'
  - '[Vic Golden](@/w/vic-golden.md) & [Chemik](@/w/chemik.md)'
  - s: Tag-Team Match
- - '[Erik Šlotíř](@/w/erik-slotir.md) w/ [Arek Paterek](@/w/arek-paterek.md)'
  - '[Shadow](@/w/shadow.md)'
  - '[Biesiad Strong](@/w/biesiad.md)'
  - '[Aron Wake](@/w/aron-wake.md)'
  - '[Sambor](@/w/sambor.md) w/ [Rusałka](@/w/rusalka.md)'
  - s: Fatal Five-Way Match
- - '[Axel Fox](@/w/axel-fox.md)'
  - '[Gabriel Queen](@/w/gabriel-queen.md)'
  - s: Road to the Title Match
- - '[Disco Pablo](@/w/disco-pablo.md), [Taras](@/w/taras.md)'
  - g: >
       Taras addresses the events of [LoW #1](@/e/low/2024-12-01-low-1.md), Disco Pablo confronts him.
       The two fight briefly, then Pablo challenges Taras to a match at [Legacy vol. 3](@/e/low/2025-07-11-low-3.md).
- - '[Bracia Fux](@/tt/bracia-fux.md): [Filip Fux](@/w/filip-fux.md) & [Michał Fux](@/w/michal-fux.md)(c)'
  - '[Legia Łysych](@/tt/legia-lysych.md): [Marco Hammers](@/w/marco-hammers.md) & [Olgierd](@/w/olgierd.md)'
  - c: '[KPW Tag Team Championship](@/c/kpw-tag-team-championship.md)'
    s: Tag-Team Match
- credits:
    Referees: '[Sędzia Seweryn](@/w/sedzia-seweryn.md), [Sędzia Karol Górski](@/w/madman-charlie.md)'
    Host, Ring Announcer: '[Wiktor Longman](@/w/wiktor-longman.md)'
    Commentary: '[Arek Paterek](@/w/arek-paterek.md), [Łukasz "Balik" Baliński](@/w/lukasz-balinski.md), CJ Miami'
    Interviewer: 'Narys'
{% end %}

### Recap

* [Arek Paterek](@/w/arek-paterek.md) opens the show by telling the fans that the organization listened to their feedback, and introduces a new _acting Chairman_ and show host - [Wiktor Longman](@/w/wiktor-longman.md), despite Mr Chairman still being present at ringside.
* Sinister cuts a promo stating that he took away Dziedzic's first name, referring to the "Dark Baptism" segment from [PTW Underground 16](@/e/ptw/2023-07-30-ptw-underground-16.md). However, in Legacy, his former vassal now uses the name Syriusz Dziedzic again. He declares his will to hand the victory to Dziedzic.
* Syriusz Dziedzic is wearing another of his signature cropped white tank-tops, this time with the text "NOBODY'S PUPPET", clearly referring to his time under Sinister's influence.
* In their match, Sinister tries to avoid contact at all cost, often relying on the referee, dodging outside the ring, and trying to force a count-out, to hand Syriusz the win. The match is ruled a DQ after Sinister hit a low-blow on Syriusz right in front of the referee. As this was a Road to Title Match, this puts Dziedzic in title contention for the future Legacy Championship.
* Vic Golden enters to a mixed reaction, some fans unaware of his recent split with Gabriel Queen. No longer using the Hannah Montana theme song they had as a team, his new entrance music is ["Hi Fi"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=INGAIJiMCnE) by Wanda i Banda, a classic Polish hit song from 1983.
* Greg enters wearing his signature papal robes. Before he gets to the ring however, he's jumped by Chemik who was not announced for the show. Unexpectedly, Robert Star, who was watching the earlier matches sitting at the bar, runs in and helps his former rival from KPW. After a brief brawl Longman intervenes, and, telling the audience that he isn't one to shy from violence, makes this match a tag-team bout.
* Shadow, Aron Wake and Sambor make their entrances. Biesiad, however, is handcuffed and escorted to the ring by two members of the PM Shooter team, continuing the [storyline](@/a/pm-shooter-saga.md) from [PpW Teraz Albo Nigdy](@/e/ppw/2025-03-15-ppw-teraz-albo-nigdy.md).
* After Biesiad entered the ring, Arek Paterek comes out again. He offers the wrestlers present his services as "Paterek's Press Office", suggesting that he could help move their career forward. After reminding everyone that they have his phone number, he introduces the fifth contestant as an international friend from recent past. Enter ex-PTW Erik Šlotíř, to great pop. Paterek spends the match at ringside, replaced on commentary by CJ Miami, a character wearing hippie-style clothes and sunglasses with three lenses.
* Towards the end of the match, Biesiad briefly exits ring, only to be brutally captured by the PM Shooter team again, who handcuff and escort him outside the venue. The crowd chants "Prowokacja Policyjna" (_Police Entrapment_) as they walk him out. It seems like his leave from PM Shooter's confinement was only temporary.
* Axel Fox does an extended entrance, celebrating with the cheering fans. He offers a handshake to his opponent Queen, which he denies with a kick. The two brawl in the audience and even on the bar (much to the staff's amusement). After the fight, Gabriel finally accepts the handshake and a hug, then Fox cuts a promo about how the green ring ([MZW's](@/o/mzw.md), who lend their ring to Legacy) was where he debuted, and it is also where he'll score his first championship.
* Taras enters, greeted by audience heat. The crowd interrupts his promo with "Co?" (_What?_), to his annoyance. He explains it was not him who betrayed Pablo, but rather the other way around. Pablo's music hits, the two exchange words and throws. Finally, Pablo challenges Taras for a match at [Legacy vol. 3](@/e/low/2025-07-11-low-3.md), which Longman later confirms, but gives no date.
* In the main event, after a ref bump, a comedic spot occurs when Olgierd, holding one of the KPW Championship belts while the ref is recovering, tosses it to Filip and falls down to the floor. Filip quickly does the same, tossing the belt to Michał, who also falls and tosses the belt to Marco. Confused, Marco panics, and when Referee Seweryn recovers, joins the other three on the floor after throwing the belt to the ref. Finally the Fux Brothers hit their team move on Olgierd and pin him to retain.

## References

* [Cagematch event page](https://www.cagematch.net/r/?id=1&nr=423246)
* [Full show on Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s7KQApnsz9w)
* [Facebook video announcing the event](https://www.facebook.com/watch/?v=560125297045765)
* [Live Q&A][live-qa-3], hosted by ShowOff
* [Fancam by Istota Wrestlingu](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uqbhrh4L0w0)
* [Trailer for the Extreme Sports premiere](https://www.facebook.com/legacyofwrestlingpl/videos/1177451163610729)

[live-qa-3]:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4urhjLJHEtA
[rozmowa]:https://www.facebook.com/watch/?v=1004924034865128
[greg-v-golden]: https://www.facebook.com/photo?fbid=122141957324468820&set=a.122111536832468820
[title-road-1]: https://www.facebook.com/photo/?fbid=122142553118468820&set=a.122111536832468820
[title-road-2]: https://www.facebook.com/photo/?fbid=122142729932468820&set=a.122111536832468820
[phone-call]: https://www.facebook.com/legacyofwrestlingpl/videos/2135651550198592
[marceli-dinozaur]: https://www.facebook.com/watch/?v=1224157879371367
