+++
title = "Legacy of Wrestling: Open Season"
template = "event_page.html"
authors = ["M3n747", "Szymon Iwulski", "Ville Paananen"]
[taxonomies]
chronology = ["low"]
venue=["krolestwo-katowice"]
[extra]
city = "Katowice"
toclevel = 2
has_video = false
[extra.gallery]
+++

Open Season was a show by [Legacy of Wrestling](@/o/low.md), held in the usual [Królestwo music club](@/v/krolestwo-katowice.md) in Katowice. The event's name and poster are a reference to a phrase popular online among the fans since [Jakub's](@/w/jakub.md) heel turn: "sezon na lisa" (_fox-hunting season_), showing the fandom's animosity towards the former hero. This explanation was confirmed in the opening narrative provided by the acting chairman [Wiktor](@/w/wiktor-longman.md).

## Build-up

* The first match, announced on 10.04.2026, was [Chemik](@/w/chemik.md) vs [Max Speed](@/w/max-speed.md).
* The second match to be unveiled, on 28.04.2026, was the main event fight between [Jakub](@/w/jakub.md) and [Filip Fux](@/w/filip-fux.md) for the [Legacy of Wrestling European Championship](@/c/low-european-championship.md).
* On 7.05.2026 came the announcement of [Syriusz Dziedzic](@/w/dziedzic.md) vs [KPW's](@/o/kpw.md) [Eryk Lesak](@/w/eryk-lesak.md), in his debut for Legacy.
* On 11.05.2026 Legacy announced another debut: [Zefir](@/w/zefir.md), in a match against [Boro](@/w/boro.md).
* According to information published on 13.05.2026, Patrykos from WrestleOne YouTube channel will attend the show and record a report.
* On 15.05.2026 broke the apparent streak of KPW vs non-KPW match-ups by posting [Tony Sheen](@/w/riverman.md) vs [Marcelito](@/w/marcelito.md).
* On 17.05.2026 [Marco Hammers](@/w/marco-hammers.md) published a [video][marco-na-zakupach] in which he issued an Open Challenge, seemingly for the [MZW Championship](@/c/mzw-championship.md). The video itself parodies [Matt Buckna's](@/w/matt-buckna.md) [promo][matta-nie-bylo] from [MZW No Time to Die](@/e/mzw/2026-03-28-mzw-no-time-to-die-2.md).
* On 18.05.2026 Legacy posted that a Four Way Elimination Match would take place at the show, the contenders being [Olgierd](@/w/olgierd.md), [Disco Pablo](@/w/disco-pablo.md), [Sambor](@/w/sambor.md) and Italian wrestler Omar Prince, in his Polish debut. (The debut, as it turned out, happened unexpectedly one day earlier, at [PTW: Krew, Pot i Łzy](@/e/ptw/2026-05-23-ptw-krew-pot-i-lzy.md).)
* Marco's Open Challenge was [answered][oskar-sie-wprasza] on 19.05.2026 by [Oskar Haller](@/w/oskar-haller.md). However, [Marco's promo][jednak-nie-o-pas] from 21.05 clarified that the match won't be for the MZW Championship - although a title bout (for an unspecified belt) could be possible at a later date, if Oskar does well. The match was officially confirmed on 22.05, with the [post][markoskar] reiterating that it'll be a non-title match.

## Card

{% card() %}
- - '[Wiktor](@/w/wiktor-longman.md)'
  - '[Jakub](@/w/jakub.md)'
  - '[Filip Fux](@/w/filip-fux.md)'
  - g: Jakub crashes the opening segment
- - '[Max Speed](@/w/max-speed.md)'
  - '[Chemik](@/w/chemik.md)'
- - '[Eryk Lesak](@/w/eryk-lesak.md)'
  - '[Syriusz Dziedzic](@/w/dziedzic.md)'
- - '[Olgierd](@/w/olgierd.md)'
  - '[Disco Pablo](@/w/disco-pablo.md)'
  - '[Sambor](@/w/sambor.md)'
  - 'Omar Prince'
  - s: Four Way Elimination Match
- - '[Marco Hammers](@/w/marco-hammers.md)'
  - '[Oskar Haller](@/w/oskar-haller.md)'
- - '[Zefir](@/w/zefir.md)'
  - '[Boro](@/w/boro.md)'
- - '[Tony Sheen](@/w/riverman.md)'
  - '[Arek Paterek](@/w/arek-paterek.md)'
  - g: Erik Šlotíř is fired from Biuro Prasowe.
- - '[Marcelito](@/w/marcelito.md)'
  - '[Tony Sheen](@/w/riverman.md)'
- - '[Jakub](@/w/jakub.md)(c)'
  - '[Filip Fux](@/w/filip-fux.md)'
  - c: '[Legacy of Wrestling European Championship](@/c/low-european-championship.md)'
    s: No-DQ Match
- credits:
    Host, Ring Announcer, Acting Chairman: '[Wiktor](@/w/wiktor-longman.md)'
    Referees: '[Sędzia Seweryn](@/w/sedzia-seweryn.md), [Sędzia Michał](@/w/sedzia-michal.md)'
    Commentary: '[Piotr "ShowOff" Małecki](@/w/piotr-malecki.md), [Łukasz Baliński](@/w/lukasz-balinski.md), [Arek Paterek](@/w/arek-paterek.md)'
    Special Guest Commentary: 'Patrykos'
{% end %}

### Highlights

* The host and ring announcer was once again [Wiktor](@/w/wiktor-longman.md). When he introduced himself, somebody from the audience shouted "Orbán!", referring to the [former prime minister of Hungary][robi-sie-politycznie].
* As Wiktor was opening the show, [Jakub](@/w/jakub.md) came out to address the title match, wanting to have in cancelled. [Filip Fux](@/w/filip-fux.md) came out next and goaded Jakub into keeping the match on, as well as making the title match a No-DQ Match. Wiktor, with his _acting Chairman_ authority, approved the change.
* After defeating [Chemik](@/w/chemik.md), [Max Speed](@/w/max-speed.md) was intervied by [Wiktor](@/w/wiktor-longman.md). Interview quickly escalated into animosities and Speed challenged Wiktor to a match at [Ryucon](@/e/low/2026-07-10-low-6.md). With his _acting Chairman_ authority, he immediately made the match official, emphasizing it will be Wiktor *Longman* against Max Speed.
* The audience chanted ["Zjedz mu łeb!"](@/a/polish-wrestling-chants.md#calls-to-action) (_Eat his head!_) at [Syriusz Dziedzic](@/w/dziedzic.md). He responded with "Zjem!" (_I will!_), but he didn't follow through with it.
* After Dziedzic vs [Eryk Lesak](@/w/eryk-lesak.md), [Sinister](@/w/sinister.md) came out. Dziedzic challenged him to a match at Ryucon to which Sinister agreed, but only under the condition that if he wins, Dziedzic will once again join him. Dziedzic countered with a stipulation of his own: if he wins, Sinister must quit Legacy forever.
* Four Way Match elimination order:
  1. [Disco Pablo](@/w/disco-pablo.md) eliminated Omar by pinfall
  2. Disco Pablo eliminated [Sambor](@/w/sambor.md) by pinfall
  3. [Olgierd](@/w/olgierd.md) eliminated Disco Pablo by choking him out
* Disco Pablo mistakenly thought he'd won the match and celebrated prematurely.
* [Marco Hammers](@/w/marco-hammers.md) received ["Bóg jest łysy!"](@/a/polish-wrestling-chants.md#wrestler-specific) (_God is bald!_) chants, previously associated with [Ricardo Diesel](@/w/ricardo-diesel.md).
* At the end of the match, [Oskar Haller](@/w/oskar-haller.md) tried to use a kendo stick. However, Patrykos interfered and saved Marco. He shook Marco's hand, which was met with boos from the audience, and celebrated in the ring for the remainder of Marco's exit to the backstage.
* [Erik Šlotíř](@/w/erik-slotir.md) was fired _in absentia_.
* [Marcelito](@/w/marcelito.md) defeated [Tony Sheen](@/w/riverman.md) after an interference by [Disco Pablo](@/w/disco-pablo.md): Pablo's music played and he came to the entrance ramp to taunt Sheen and argue with Paterek.
* In the main event, both competitors received heel reactions. Despite his babyface status in Legacy, [Filip Fux](@/w/filip-fux.md) received unfavorable chants, related to his heel role in [PpW](@/o/ppw.md) and his association with [Rodzina](@/tt/rodzina.md), from a part of the audience. After a hard-fought match involving multiple chairs, Jakub retained.

## References

* [Cagematch event page](https://www.cagematch.net/?id=1&nr=450054)

[marco-na-zakupach]: https://www.instagram.com/reel/DYc530VsWxD/
[matta-nie-bylo]: https://www.facebook.com/reel/1632369077910218
[oskar-sie-wprasza]: https://www.instagram.com/oskar_haller/reel/DYiMwpfIf8V/
[jednak-nie-o-pas]: https://www.instagram.com/reel/DYnNr2QsFir/
[markoskar]: https://www.facebook.com/legacyofwrestlingpl/posts/pfbid02FqumAsa1c4SosXL2TYCqmy4ixTzJic9zLxAUYb8onaKRgGgLrv3jm3L7yj8bwa3Cl
[robi-sie-politycznie]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Viktor_Orb%C3%A1n
