+++
title = "Legacy of Wrestling: Enter the Dragon"
template = "event_page.html"
authors = ["M3n747", "Szymon Iwulski", "Krzysztof Zych"]
[taxonomies]
chronology = ["low", "ryucon"]
venue=["tauron-arena"]
[extra]
city = "Kraków"
toclevel = 2
has_video = false
collapse_gallery = false
[extra.gallery]
+++

Enter the Dragon was a show by [Legacy of Wrestling](@/o/low.md), and the second Legacy event to be held in the [Tauron Arena](@/v/tauron-arena.md) in Kraków, accompanying the manga-themed fan convention Ryucon.

## Build-up

* While the name of the show was made public on 24.03.2026 via an image on Legacy's Facebook, the date of the event was first found by fans on Ryucon's website prior to any announcements by Legacy.
* On 20.05.2026 [Eryk Lesak](@/w/eryk-lesak.md) announced his involvement in a [Facebook post][tournee-lesaka] with upcoming dates of his appearances.
* At the [previous Legacy show](@/e/low/2026-05-24-low-5.md), [Max Speed](@/w/max-speed.md) challenged [Wiktor Longman](@/w/wiktor-longman.md) to a fight at Ryucon, which he accepted.
* At the same show, [Syriusz Dziedzic](@/w/dziedzic.md) challenged [Sinister](@/w/sinister.md) to a match at Ryucon under the condition that if he wins, Dziedzic will once again join him. Dziedzic countered with a stipulation of his own: if he wins, Sinister must quit Legacy forever.
* The show's poster published on 26.05.2026 featured English wrestler Trent Seven, announcing his participation in the show. Seven was previously seen at [PTW #3](@/e/ptw/2022-11-26-ptw-3-legends.md), where he fought [Joe Hendry](@/w/joe-hendry.md) for the IMPACT Digital Media Championship.
* Following [Tony Sheen's](@/w/riverman.md) loss to [Marcelito](@/w/marcelito.md) (after a distraction by [Disco Pablo](@/w/disco-pablo.md)), angry [Arek Paterek](@/w/arek-paterek.md) [promised revenge][arek-sie-wkurzyl], invoking a biblical quote from Ezekiel 25:17 (in fact quoting [Samuel L. Jackson's monologue][25-17] from _Pulp Fiction_). He challenged them both to a six-man tag team match against Biuro Prasowe.
  Confronted with the fact that Biuro Prasowe still had only one wrestler on payroll, he presented his newest acquisition: [Eryk Lesak](@/w/eryk-lesak.md).
* With the math still not working out for a six-man match, Paterek toured Poland to recruit the third member of his team. On 3.06.2026 Biuro posted a [video][paskal-nie-prasuje] of his attempt to recruit [Markus Paskal](@/w/markus-paskal.md), a plan which backfired rather badly.
* On 14.06.2026 Paterek posted a [video of him visiting a nondescript industrial building][paterek-w-garazu], where he discovers a [DFW](@/o/dfw.md) training session, after getting a tip-off about some "young guns" (_młode wilki_, lit. "young wolves") available for recruitment.
  [PJ Blake](@/w/pj-blake.md), acting as the leader, briefly presented three of his trainees, but Paterek did not see any of them as fit to represent Biuro Prasowe. (The term "young wolves" refers to a [Polish film of the same name][mlodzi-wilcy], whereas Blake's lines are a nod to a scene from another film, [Kiler][kiler], parodying Young Wolves.)
* The match between Syriusz Dziedzic and Sinister was officially confirmed on 20.06.2026, with the added Falls Count Anywhere stipulation.
* The match between Max Speed and Wiktor Longman was officially confirmed on 2.07.2026.
* On 4.07.2026 Legacy announced a match between the former [KPW Champion](@/c/kpw-championship.md) [Zefir](@/w/zefir.md) and the [ex-PpW Champion](@/c/ppw-championship.md) [Olgierd](@/w/olgierd.md). This will be Olgierd's second fight with a KPW wrestler (following his bout with [Filip Fux](@/w/filip-fux.md) at [KPW Arena 34](@/e/kpw/2026-06-26-kpw-arena-34.md)) as well as Zefir's second clash with a non-KPW worker (the first being against [Boro](@/w/boro.md) at the [previous Legacy show](@/e/low/2026-05-24-low-5.md)).
* On 5.07.2026 Legacy revealed the main event of the show: Trent Seven vs [Jakub](@/w/jakub.md) for the [Legacy of Wrestling European Championship](@/c/low-european-championship.md).
* On 8.07.2026 Legacy announced the first of six contenders to take part in a Gauntlet Match for a championship contract: the Italian wrestler [Sam Della Valle](@/w/sam-rogers.md).
* The day before the show, a Six-Man Tag Team Match between Biuro Prasowe and Team [Disco Pablo](@/w/disco-pablo.md) was finally confirmed.
  While the babyfaces enlisted the help of [Bartosz Plata](@/w/plata.md), Biuro Prasowe remained one man short.

## Card

{% card() %}
- - '[Wiktor D.](@/w/wiktor-longman.md)'
  - 'Trent Seven'
  - '[Jakub](@/w/jakub.md)'
  - g: 'Wiktor opens the show, introduces Seven who is then confronted by Jakub.'
- - '[Jacob Crane](@/w/jacob-crane.md)'
  - '[Zefir](@/w/zefir.md)'
  - r: Submission
- - '[Syriusz Dziedzic](@/w/dziedzic.md)'
  - '[Sinister](@/w/sinister.md)'
  - s: Career vs Freedom Falls Count Anywhere Match
- - |
    Biuro Prasowe:
      [Eryk Lesak](@/w/eryk-lesak.md),
      [Tony Sheen](@/w/riverman.md),
      [Bartosz Plata](@/w/plata.md)
      w/ [Arek Paterek](@/w/arek-paterek.md)
  - |
    [Disco Pablo](@/w/disco-pablo.md),
    [Marcelito](@/w/marcelito.md),
    [Sambor](@/w/sambor.md)
  - s: Six-Man Tag Team Match
- - 'Patrykos'
  - '[Oskar Haller](@/w/oskar-haller.md)'
  - '[Marco Hammers](@/w/marco-hammers.md)'
  - g: 'Haller and Patrykos face off and brawl, Marco makes a save.'
- - '[Chemik](@/w/chemik.md)'
  - '[Sam Della Valle](@/w/sam-rogers.md)'
  - '[Boro](@/w/boro.md)'
  - '[Chemik](@/w/chemik.md)'
  - '[Markus Paskal](@/w/markus-paskal.md)'
  - '[Filip Fux](@/w/filip-fux.md)'
  - '[Oskar Haller](@/w/oskar-haller.md)'
  - c: '[Legacy of Wrestling European Championship](@/c/low-european-championship.md)'
    s: Dragon Gauntlet Match
- - '[Max Speed](@/w/max-speed.md)'
  - '[Wiktor Longman](@/w/wiktor-longman.md)'
- - '[Wiktor Longman](@/w/wiktor-longman.md)'
  - '[Max Speed](@/w/max-speed.md)'
  - g: 'Longman announces the end of his in-ring career, puts Max Speed over.'
- - '[Jakub](@/w/jakub.md)(c)'
  - 'Trent Seven'
  - c: '[Legacy of Wrestling European Championship](@/c/low-european-championship.md)'
- credits:
    Hosts, Ring Announcers: '[Wiktor D.](@/w/wiktor-longman.md), [Adrian Zgórski](@/w/adrian-zgorski.md)'
    Acting Chairman: '[Wiktor D.](@/w/wiktor-longman.md)'
    Referees: '[Sędzia Seweryn](@/w/sedzia-seweryn.md), [Sędzia Michał](@/w/sedzia-michal.md)'
    Commentary: '[Piotr "ShowOff" Małecki](@/w/piotr-malecki.md), [Arek Paterek](@/w/arek-paterek.md)'
    Special Guest Commentary: '[Marco Hammers](@/w/marco-hammers.md), Narys'
{% end %}

### Recap

* [Olgierd](@/w/olgierd.md) didn't appear at the show due to an injury. His spot on the card was filled in by "a real dragon" - [Jacob Crane](@/w/jacob-crane.md).
* Crane showed off his Japanese skills by speaking the language to the audience a few times.
* [Syriusz Dziedzic](@/w/dziedzic.md) and [Sinister](@/w/sinister.md) largely brawled outside the ring, keeping with the stipulation of the match. This was not received well by the fans present, who complained by chanting ["Nic nie widać"](@/a/polish-wrestling-chants.md#production-issues) (_We can't see anything!_).
* Eventually the two found their way to the entrance ramp. After some brutal chairshots, Syriusz pinned Sinister who kicked out at two - only for his music to hit as if he'd won. [Sędzia Michał](@/w/sedzia-michal.md) had to rush over to the sound booth to have them cut it, while the match continued.
* For the announced Six-Man Tag Team Match, Biuro Prasowe came out missing one person - only [Eryk Lesak](@/w/eryk-lesak.md) and [Tony Sheen](@/w/riverman.md) were present, accompanied by [Arek Paterek](@/w/arek-paterek.md).
  After the babyfaces pointed out that the Biuro is one man short, Paterek answered that they always have "a full alphabet of plans" and that "it is already three-vs-three".
  Before they could process that, [Bartosz Plata](@/w/plata.md) unzipped his longsleeve, revealing a Biuro Prasowe T-shirt underneath, and proceeded to attack his former friends, which earned him plenty of heat from the audience. After a while, [Sambor](@/w/sambor.md) ran into the ring to aid Pablo and Marcelito.
* After losing the match Sambor confronted Pablo, blaming him for his string of losses. He then proceeded to pound on him, delivered his signature _Szczerbiec_, and left after strangling Pablo under his boot.
* Next, [Adrian Zgórski](@/w/adrian-zgorski.md) addressed the audience, praising them for their continuing support of Legacy, [KPW](@/o/kpw.md), [MZW](@/o/mzw.md) and [PpW](@/o/ppw.md), and invited a guest to the ring: Patrykos from WrestleOne YouTube channel, who already appeared at the [previous show](@/e/low/2026-05-24-low-5.md).
* Patrykos cut a promo where he praised Polish wrestling and thanked Legacy for inviting him. [Oskar Haller](@/w/oskar-haller.md) arrived to confront him. Their feud started at the previous show, when Patrykos stopped Haller from attacking [Marco Hammers](@/w/marco-hammers.md) with a kendo stick, but other than that, happened mostly on YouTube.
* Oskar then proceeded to air his grievances against Patrykos and his fans, even citing some comments from that online feud. The two started to brawl, which turned into a ground and pound, where Oskar gained the upper hand, until Marco came to make the save.
* Marco and Patrykos then briefly tugged and stared each other down over the [MZW Championship](@/c/mzw-championship.md) belt, but finally showed mutual respect to each other, and celebrated with a couple of beers, a few of which were also thrown into the audience.
* While the fans were initially vocally against Patrykos, when he was soon confronted by [Oskar Haller](@/w/oskar-haller.md), the heat moved to him instead.
* After the segment SaberArts, a group of Star Wars cosplayers, staged a very flashy lightsaber fight, accompanied by John Williams's iconic [Duel of the Fates][fata-sie-bija] soundtrack. The duel was followed by an extended stretch of nothing happening, prompting the fans to chant "Where's the show?" It wasn't until Adrian Zgórski returned to the ring and took the microphone that it became clear that this has been an intermission.
* The Dragon Gauntlet Match was not a classic Gauntlet. Instead, the rules were that of a Royal Rumble: the bout began with two wrestlers in the ring (Della Valle and Boro), with new contestants entering at set intervals.
* Boro came out wielding a bouquet of red roses, which he distributed among female fans. The final rose he gave to his opponent, who initially accepted the flower only to destroy it shortly afterwards, establishing his heelish role.
* [Chemik](@/w/chemik.md) entered a brief alliance with [Sam Della Valle](@/w/sam-rogers.md) against [Filip Fux](@/w/filip-fux.md) ("You! Me! Friends!"), only to backstab him seconds later.
* Order of eliminations in the Gauntlet Match:
  1. Chemik eliminated Sam Della Valle
  2. Oskar Haller eliminated Markus Paskal
  3. Filip Fux eliminated Oskar Haller
  4. Boro eliminated Filip Fux
  5. Chemik eliminated Boro
* After an arduous fight, [Max Speed](@/w/max-speed.md) managed to defeat [Wiktor Longman](@/w/wiktor-longman.md). Wiktor praised Speed for finally proving his worth by overcoming him, alluding to Speed's debut match against Longman at [PTW Underground 16](@/e/ptw/2023-07-30-ptw-underground-16.md), which Max lost by DQ.
* Longman then announced that it had been his final fight as a wrestler, but he'd still remain active in the role of Acting Chairman. However, "the mean Wiktor Longman is no more".
  His farewell promo earned him a prolonged standing ovation, and even Max Speed was visibly touched, shedding a tear or five.
* During the main event, [Sędzia Seweryn](@/w/sedzia-seweryn.md) was accidentally knocked out by [Jakub's](@/w/jakub.md) wayward foot when Trent Seven lifted him. This allowed the Champion to cheat by using the Championship belt on Seven, however to no avail. A little later Trent pinned Jakub, but with the referee out cold, there was nobody to count the pin.
* Following Jakub's victory, Speed came out demanding a Championship fight. Jakub declined, belittling Speed and making fun of his perceived puppy-like meek obedience. In the end, however, Jakub agreed to fight Speed for the title at [the next show](@/e/low/2026-10-24-low-7.md), if only to humiliate him. Speed, incensed by Jakub's mocking that he has no bite, pounced at the Champion and posed with his title belt for a few moments, before leaving the Championship over his chest and walking away.

## References

* [Cagematch event page](https://www.cagematch.net/?id=1&nr=454621)
* [Ryucon's website](https://ryucon.pl/legacy-of-wrestling/)

[tournee-lesaka]: https://www.facebook.com/ErykLesak/posts/pfbid032n6ggQ1JrhoZpTotwhyQuuwB5zEgGJ6Vh237Nw8LCMZg1DvSQ3gA4hYtWR82Xnfgl
[arek-sie-wkurzyl]: https://www.instagram.com/biuro.prasowe/reel/DZC_FKVouJj/
[25-17]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bodyguard_Kiba_(1973_film)#In_popular_culture
[paskal-nie-prasuje]: https://www.instagram.com/p/DZHfkXOM-Tx/
[mlodzi-wilcy]: https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0113835/
[kiler]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kiler_(film)
[paterek-w-garazu]: https://www.instagram.com/p/DZkd2EWoJ6n/
[fata-sie-bija]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qlhFSABcJ8w
