+++
title = "PpW Brutality 2015"
template = "event_page.html"
authors = ["M3n747"]
[taxonomies]
chronology = ["ppw"]
venue = ["winogronowa-17"]
[extra]
city = "Warszawa"
toclevel = 2
[extra.gallery]
manifest = "@/e/ppw/2015-10-10-ppw-brutality-2015-gallery.toml"
+++

Brutality 2015 was a backyard-era [PpW](@/o/ppw.md) show, staged on an outdoors ring located in a vacant lot at [Winogronowa 17](@/v/winogronowa-17.md) in Warsaw.

## Card

{% card() %}
- - '[Hirinus de Exsantus](@/w/mister-z.md) & [Feager](@/w/feager.md)'
  - '[Psychodela](@/w/psychodela.md) & [KAT](@/w/biesiad.md)'
  - s: 'Hardcore Tag Team Match'
- - '[Ultimo Combo](@/w/johnny-blade.md)'
  - '[Rob Scaffold](@/w/rob-scaffold.md)'
  - s: 'Hardcore Match'
- - '[Red Floorfiller](@/w/biesiad.md)'
  - '[Human](@/w/johnny-blade.md)'
  - '[Feager](@/w/feager.md)'
  - s: 'Triple Threat Match'
- - '[Jim Enerico](@/w/mister-z.md)'
  - '[Rob Scaffold](@/w/rob-scaffold.md)'
  - s: 'Career vs Career 15 Minute Iron Man Match'
- - '[Hirinus de Exsantus](@/w/mister-z.md)'
  - '[Johnny Blade](@/w/johnny-blade.md)'
  - s: 'Buried Alive Match'
- credits:
    Referees: 'Sędzia Jędrek, [Jim Enerico](@/w/mister-z.md)'
    Commentary: '???, ???'
{% end %}

### Recap

* The commentators often referred to [Rob Scaffold](@/w/rob-scaffold.md) as "Rob Hardy".
* At one point during [Combo](@/w/johnny-blade.md) vs [Scaffold](@/w/rob-scaffold.md), [Jim Enerico](@/w/mister-z.md) came out, slapped Scaffold and left.
* A little while later, a German shepherd interfered in the match, scaring Ultimo Combo. According to one of the commentators, this was the second dog interference in PpW's then-five year history.
* Rob Scaffold petted the dog, then petted Ultimo Combo who in turn proceeded to bite his leg.
* [Red Floorfiller](@/w/biesiad.md) and [Feager](@/w/feager.md) had a "Star Wars" moment when they briefly fenced with light tubes.
* At one point [Human](@/w/johnny-blade.md) attempted to attack referee [Enerico](@/w/mister-z.md), who promptly retaliated.
* The commentators pronounced Human's name as /ˈhʊ.mən/ (roughly _'hoo.man_, with a short "u") rather than the standard /ˈhjuː.mən/. They also stated that Human isn't human.
* Moments later [Jim Enerico](@/w/mister-z.md) climbed the top rope and jumped to the middle of the ring in order to start counting a pinfall.
* Red Floorfiller pinned Human while sitting in a garden chair on top of him.
* [Rob Scaffold](@/w/rob-scaffold.md) taped a light tube to [Jim Enerico's](@/w/mister-z.md) back, before dropkicking it.
* The same match later featured a spinebuster and a Swanton Bomb onto a heap of dried twigs, including some wild roses.

## References

* [Full show on YouTube, part 1](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ymzU7NCBjj8)
* [Full show on YouTube, part 1](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pP_UPcVJF3U)
* [PpW Wiki entry](https://ppw-fandom.tpwres.pl/ppw-brutality-2015)
