+++
title = "PpW Brutality 2017"
template = "event_page.html"
[taxonomies]
chronology = ["ppw"]
venue = ["winogronowa-17"]
[extra]
city = "Warszawa"
[extra.gallery]
1 = { path = "brutality-2017-pic-1.jpg", caption = "Official poster", source = "[Johnny Blade](@/w/johnny-blade.md) vs Hardcore Icon" }
2 = { path = "brutality-2017-pic-2.jpg", caption = "Official poster", source = "[Mister Z](@/w/mister-z.md) vs [Feager](@/w/feager.md)" }
3 = { path = "brutality-2017-pic-3.jpg", caption = "Official poster", source = "[Rob Scaffold](@/w/rob-scaffold.md) vs [Steven Strong](@/w/biesiad.md)" }
+++

"Brutality 2017" was an early PpW backyard show, taking place in a lot at Winogronowa 17 street, that belonged to the grandfather of someone called Lemur. The Brutality series focused on hardcore matches and featured the roster from their [Hardcore Friday](https://ppw-fandom.tpwres.pl/hardcore-friday) division. True to the name, the main event of the show featured barbed wire, panes of glass and light tubes taped to the ropes, among other items.

The main event featured Hardcore Icon, a guest from Halemba Power Wrestling (another backyard, from Ruda Śląska) and their reigning Hardcore Champion at the time. This was the final PpW show to use the old DIY ring.

{% card() %}
- - 'Jim Enerico'
  - 'Black Orion'
  - s: Hardcore Match
- - '[Steven Strong](@/w/biesiad.md)'
  - '[Rob Scaffold](@/w/rob-scaffold.md)'
  - s: Hardcore Match
- - 'Hardcore Icon(c)'
  - '[Blade](@/w/johnny-blade.md)'
  - s: Hardcore Match
    c: H.P.W. Hardcore Championship
- credits:
    Referees: '???, Miłosz, [Olgierd](@/w/olgierd.md)'
{% end %}

#### Recap

* One of the fans kept drumming on a plastic roadblock barrier since the start of the main event. Perhaps fed up with it, Harcore Icon ended up throwing Johnny Blade at him.
* Midway through the main event, the referee hit Hardcore Icon with a light tube, prompting Johnny Blade to attack the ref.

### References

* [Full show on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9eon4bjo9JI)
