content/e/ppw/2019-12-07-ppw-2kola-to-my-nie-zarobimy.md, before:

+++
title = "PpW 2KOŁA To My Nie Zarobimy"
template = "event_page.html"
aliases = [ "/e/ppw/2019-12-07-ppw-untitled" ]
authors = ["Krzysztof Zych", "M3n747"]
[taxonomies]
chronology = ["ppw"]
venue=["2kola"]
[extra]
city = "Warszawa"
toclevel = 2
hide_results = true
[extra.gallery.1]
path = "2019-12-07-ppw-2kola-to-my-nie-zarobimy-plakat.jpg"
caption = "Official poster, showing a burnt down truck (probably a Mercedes T1) in front of the [2KOŁA](@/v/2kola.md) pub."
source = "Official PpW Facebook"
+++

This was likely the first PpW event open for general public, as opposed to friends and insiders that comprised the audiences in the prior years.

"2 koła" is Polish for "2 wheels", a fitting name for a [motorcycle-themed pub](@/v/2kola.md) in which the event was held. It is also a slang term for "2 thousand" in the context of money - thus the name of the event can be understood as "We Ain't Gonna Make 2GRAND".

## Card

{% card() %}
- - '[Tony Sk1n](@/w/tony-sk1n.md)'
  - 'Adam'
  - nc: '?'
    s: Pre-show
- - '[Mister Z](@/w/mister-z.md)(c)'
  - '[Terry Shadow (impostor)](@/w/rob-scaffold.md)'
  - nc: '?'
    c: '[PpW Championship](@/c/ppw-championship.md)'
- - '[Duende](@/w/sedzia-borys.md)'
  - '[Black Orion](@/w/johnny-blade.md)'
  - nc: '?'
    s: No-DQ Match
- - '[Rob Scaffold](@/w/rob-scaffold.md)'
  - '[Osamu](@/w/osamu.md)'
  - nc: '?'
    s: Hardcore Match
- - '[Mister Z](@/w/mister-z.md)(c)'
  - '[Johnny Blade](@/w/johnny-blade.md)'
  - nc: '?'
    c: '[PpW Championship](@/c/ppw-championship.md)'
- credits:
    Referee: '[Sędzia Matek](@/w/sedzia-matek.md)'
{% end %}

## References

* [Facebook event](https://www.facebook.com/events/746791299065517/)

Commit message:

Icons on event list to show photo or video present (#2372)
* WIP indicate with icons if event has photos or video links.

* Move icons to the left of title, use aria markup

* Apply flex-shrink: 0 so the icons stay together horizontally

* Eat whitespace in the output

* BM4 has no gallery

* Show icons also on event lists for org and venue

* Set sprite var in base template to save on repetition

* Doc update

* has_video = PpW

* Rozpędziłem się z find/replace

* bezmyślnik

* nieswójsłów

* I jeszcze jeden, i jeszcze raz

* has_video = MZW, part 1 + doc

* has_video = MZW, part 2

* has_video = Legacy

* has_video = KPW, part 1

* Technikalium

* has_video = KPW, part 2

* has_video = KPW, part 3

* has_video = KPW, part 4

* has_video = PTW

* has_video = WWE

* has_video = BWD

* has_video = DDW

* has_video = DFW

* has_video = LOP

* has_video = MCW

* has_video = tNQW

* has_video = PIWG

* has_video = pwf07

* has_video = PXW

* has_video = TBW

* has_video = TWF

* has_video = WKSW

* has_video = WWS

---------

Co-authored-by: M3n747 <115824993+M3n747@users.noreply.github.com>

content/e/ppw/2019-12-07-ppw-2kola-to-my-nie-zarobimy.md, after:

+++
title = "PpW 2KOŁA To My Nie Zarobimy"
template = "event_page.html"
aliases = [ "/e/ppw/2019-12-07-ppw-untitled" ]
authors = ["Krzysztof Zych", "M3n747"]
[taxonomies]
chronology = ["ppw"]
venue=["2kola"]
[extra]
city = "Warszawa"
toclevel = 2
hide_results = true
has_video = false
[extra.gallery.1]
path = "2019-12-07-ppw-2kola-to-my-nie-zarobimy-plakat.jpg"
caption = "Official poster, showing a burnt down truck (probably a Mercedes T1) in front of the [2KOŁA](@/v/2kola.md) pub."
source = "Official PpW Facebook"
+++

This was likely the first PpW event open for general public, as opposed to friends and insiders that comprised the audiences in the prior years.

"2 koła" is Polish for "2 wheels", a fitting name for a [motorcycle-themed pub](@/v/2kola.md) in which the event was held. It is also a slang term for "2 thousand" in the context of money - thus the name of the event can be understood as "We Ain't Gonna Make 2GRAND".

## Card

{% card() %}
- - '[Tony Sk1n](@/w/tony-sk1n.md)'
  - 'Adam'
  - nc: '?'
    s: Pre-show
- - '[Mister Z](@/w/mister-z.md)(c)'
  - '[Terry Shadow (impostor)](@/w/rob-scaffold.md)'
  - nc: '?'
    c: '[PpW Championship](@/c/ppw-championship.md)'
- - '[Duende](@/w/sedzia-borys.md)'
  - '[Black Orion](@/w/johnny-blade.md)'
  - nc: '?'
    s: No-DQ Match
- - '[Rob Scaffold](@/w/rob-scaffold.md)'
  - '[Osamu](@/w/osamu.md)'
  - nc: '?'
    s: Hardcore Match
- - '[Mister Z](@/w/mister-z.md)(c)'
  - '[Johnny Blade](@/w/johnny-blade.md)'
  - c: '[PpW Championship](@/c/ppw-championship.md)'
- credits:
    Referee: '[Sędzia Matek](@/w/sedzia-matek.md)'
{% end %}

Note: Although the results of this show are unavailable, Mister Z was still the champion at the [next show](@/e/ppw/2020-02-15-ppw-brawl-for-the-puppies.md), indicating his victory here.

## References

* [Facebook event](https://www.facebook.com/events/746791299065517/)
