content/e/ppw/2025-09-20-ppw-mistrzowskie-rozdanie-2.md, before:

+++
title = "PpW Mistrzowskie Rozdanie 2"
template = "event_page.html"
authors = ["M3n747", "Krzysztof Zych"]
[taxonomies]
chronology = ["ppw"]
venue=["hala-labo"]
[extra]
city = "Warszawa"
toclevel = 2
[extra.gallery]
+++

Mistrzowskie Rozdanie 2 (roughly _A Champion's Hand 2_) is an upcoming show by [PpW Ewenement Wrestling](@/o/ppw.md), and an apparent "sequel" to [a show from 2023](@/e/ppw/2023-05-06-ppw-mistrzowskie-rozdanie.md). It'll be set in [Mińska&nbsp;65's](@/v/minska-65.md) _Hala Labo_.

## Build-up

* The show was announced on 12.07.2025 in a [Facebook post][mr2] accompanied by the official poster. Keeping with the card theme of the [first Mistrzowskie Rozdanie](@/e/ppw/2023-05-06-ppw-mistrzowskie-rozdanie.md), this show's poster features [Goblin](@/w/goblin.md) with his Third Eye open, and a number of tarot cards (modelled after the [Rider–Waite Tarot][rwt]) with the Major Arcana replaced with portraits of wrestlers.
  In Goblin's dexter is VIII - Strength ([Biesiad Strong](@/w/biesiad.md)) and in his sinister is XIII - Death ([Olgierd](@/w/olgierd.md)), while behind him is XVII - The Star ([Robert Star](@/w/robert-star.md)).
  Goblin also holds two blank cards, numbered III and IV - The Empress and The Emperor, respectively.
* Tarot cards with character portraits taking place of the Major Arcana are an important element in the fantasy book series [The Chronicles of Amber][amber] by Roger Zelazny, however whether this was an inspiration or a coincidence, is not known.
* On 18.07.2025 PpW confirmed [Goblin](@/w/goblin.md) vs [Robert Star](@/w/robert-star.md) for the [PpW Championship](@/c/ppw-championship.md). Star was portrayed as XVII - The Star, and Goblin as 0 - The Fool.
* On 17.08.2025 PpW announced the main event - a Total Elimination Fatal 4-Way Match between [Gabriel Queen](@/w/gabriel-queen.md) (VI - The Lovers), [Biesiad Strong](@/w/biesiad.md) (VIII - Strength), [Olgierd](@/w/olgierd.md) (XIII - Death) and [Vic Golden](@/w/vic-golden.md) (XV - The Devil).
* On 22.08.2025 PpW posted a new graphic announcing "[Zmowa's](@/tt/zmowa.md) show of force", this time with [Mister Z](@/w/mister-z.md) as IV - The Emperor, flanked on the left by [Gustav Gryffin](@/w/gustav-gryffin.md) as XX - The Judgemenent, and on the right by Olgierd as XIII - Death, and [Marco Hammers](@/w/marco-hammers.md) as XVI - The Tower.
* On 26.08.2025 PpW posted a [video][kabanosy-sa-na-podlodze] in which [Stanisław Van Dobroniak](@/w/stanislaw-van-dobroniak.md) tries to cheer up [Oskar Alexander](@/w/oskar-alexander.md), who lost his match at the [previous show](@/e/ppw/2025-08-15-ppw-hardcore-friday-turniej-typeshit.md), by offering him some [kabanosy][kabanosy-sa-na-wikipedii]. Angry and bitter, Oskar throws the sausages to the floor angering Dobroniak, who promises to "speak to Oskar's mother" at the upcoming show.
* On 3.09.2025 PpW announced a match between [Dobroniak](@/w/stanislaw-van-dobroniak.md) (XXI - The World; billed as Wujek - _Uncle_ - Dobroniak) and [Agentka Agatka](@/w/agentka-agatka.md) (III - The Empress), for the custody of Oskar Alexander.
* On 6.09.2025 PpW announced [Oskar Alexander](@/w/oskar-alexander.md) (X - Wheel of Fortune) vs [Johnny Blade](@/w/johnny-blade.md) (V - Hierophant) in a Hardcore match.
* On 8.09.2025 PpW announced [Marco Hammers](@/w/marco-hammers.md) (XVI - The Tower) vs [Axel Fox](@/w/axel-fox.md) (XI - Justice).

## Card

{% card(predicted=true) %}
- - '[_The Fool_ Goblin](@/w/goblin.md)(c)'
  - '[_The Star_ Robert Star](@/w/robert-star.md)'
  - c: '[PpW Championship](@/c/ppw-championship.md)'
    nc: upcoming
- - '[_The Lover_ Gabriel Queen](@/w/gabriel-queen.md)'
  - '[_Strength_ Biesiad Strong](@/w/biesiad.md)'
  - '[_Death_ Olgierd](@/w/olgierd.md)'
  - '[_The Devil_ Vic Golden](@/w/vic-golden.md)'
  - s: Total Elimination Fatal 4-Way Match
    nc: upcoming
- - '[_The World_ Wujek Dobroniak](@/w/stanislaw-van-dobroniak.md)'
  - '[_The Empress_ Agentka Agatka](@/w/agentka-agatka.md)'
  - s: 'Custody of [Oskar](@/w/oskar-alexander.md) match.'
    nc: upcoming
- - '[_Wheel of Fortune_ Oskar Alexander](@/w/oskar-alexander.md)'
  - '[_Hierophant_ Johnny Blade](@/w/johnny-blade.md)'
  - s: 'Hardcore match'
    nc: upcoming
- - '[_The Tower_ Marco Hammers](@/w/marco-hammers.md)'
  - '[_Justice_ Axel Fox](@/w/axel-fox.md)'
  - nc: upcoming
{% end %}

### Recap

* TBD

## References

* [Cagematch event page](https://www.cagematch.net/?id=1&nr=429937)
* [Facebook post announcing the event][mr2]

[mr2]: https://www.facebook.com/OficjalnePPW/posts/pfbid0taRW9fXjs7ofV4zixySEMYGQ9VfZZXPdemaSjGDpAWzoPNFjnqpo7J7WzS84B4mTl
[rwt]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rider%E2%80%93Waite_Tarot
[amber]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Chronicles_of_Amber
[kabanosy-sa-na-podlodze]: https://www.facebook.com/reel/1019415226812638
[kabanosy-sa-na-wikipedii]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kabanos

Commit message:

Mistrzowsko rozdany tag team match

content/e/ppw/2025-09-20-ppw-mistrzowskie-rozdanie-2.md, after:

+++
title = "PpW Mistrzowskie Rozdanie 2"
template = "event_page.html"
authors = ["M3n747", "Krzysztof Zych"]
[taxonomies]
chronology = ["ppw"]
venue=["hala-labo"]
[extra]
city = "Warszawa"
toclevel = 2
[extra.gallery]
+++

Mistrzowskie Rozdanie 2 (roughly _A Champion's Hand 2_) is an upcoming show by [PpW Ewenement Wrestling](@/o/ppw.md), and an apparent "sequel" to [a show from 2023](@/e/ppw/2023-05-06-ppw-mistrzowskie-rozdanie.md). It'll be set in [Mińska&nbsp;65's](@/v/minska-65.md) _Hala Labo_.

## Build-up

* The show was announced on 12.07.2025 in a [Facebook post][mr2] accompanied by the official poster. Keeping with the card theme of the [first Mistrzowskie Rozdanie](@/e/ppw/2023-05-06-ppw-mistrzowskie-rozdanie.md), this show's poster features [Goblin](@/w/goblin.md) with his Third Eye open, and a number of tarot cards (modelled after the [Rider–Waite Tarot][rwt]) with the Major Arcana replaced with portraits of wrestlers.
  In Goblin's dexter is VIII - Strength ([Biesiad Strong](@/w/biesiad.md)) and in his sinister is XIII - Death ([Olgierd](@/w/olgierd.md)), while behind him is XVII - The Star ([Robert Star](@/w/robert-star.md)).
  Goblin also holds two blank cards, numbered III and IV - The Empress and The Emperor, respectively.
* Tarot cards with character portraits taking place of the Major Arcana are an important element in the fantasy book series [The Chronicles of Amber][amber] by Roger Zelazny, however whether this was an inspiration or a coincidence, is not known.
* On 18.07.2025 PpW confirmed [Goblin](@/w/goblin.md) vs [Robert Star](@/w/robert-star.md) for the [PpW Championship](@/c/ppw-championship.md). Star was portrayed as XVII - The Star, and Goblin as 0 - The Fool.
* On 17.08.2025 PpW announced the main event - a Total Elimination Fatal 4-Way Match between [Gabriel Queen](@/w/gabriel-queen.md) (VI - The Lovers), [Biesiad Strong](@/w/biesiad.md) (VIII - Strength), [Olgierd](@/w/olgierd.md) (XIII - Death) and [Vic Golden](@/w/vic-golden.md) (XV - The Devil).
* On 22.08.2025 PpW posted a new graphic announcing "[Zmowa's](@/tt/zmowa.md) show of force", this time with [Mister Z](@/w/mister-z.md) as IV - The Emperor, flanked on the left by [Gustav Gryffin](@/w/gustav-gryffin.md) as XX - The Judgemenent, and on the right by Olgierd as XIII - Death, and [Marco Hammers](@/w/marco-hammers.md) as XVI - The Tower.
* On 26.08.2025 PpW posted a [video][kabanosy-sa-na-podlodze] in which [Stanisław Van Dobroniak](@/w/stanislaw-van-dobroniak.md) tries to cheer up [Oskar Alexander](@/w/oskar-alexander.md), who lost his match at the [previous show](@/e/ppw/2025-08-15-ppw-hardcore-friday-turniej-typeshit.md), by offering him some [kabanosy][kabanosy-sa-na-wikipedii]. Angry and bitter, Oskar throws the sausages to the floor angering Dobroniak, who promises to "speak to Oskar's mother" at the upcoming show.
* On 3.09.2025 PpW announced a match between [Dobroniak](@/w/stanislaw-van-dobroniak.md) (XXI - The World; billed as Wujek - _Uncle_ - Dobroniak) and [Agentka Agatka](@/w/agentka-agatka.md) (III - The Empress), for the custody of Oskar Alexander.
* On 6.09.2025 PpW announced [Oskar Alexander](@/w/oskar-alexander.md) (X - Wheel of Fortune) vs [Johnny Blade](@/w/johnny-blade.md) (V - Hierophant) in a Hardcore match.
* On 8.09.2025 PpW announced [Marco Hammers](@/w/marco-hammers.md) (XVI - The Tower) vs [Axel Fox](@/w/axel-fox.md) (XI - Justice).
* On 12.09.2025 PpW announced [Marcelito](@/w/marcelito.md) (XVIII - The Moon) & [Sambor](@/w/sambor.md) (IX - The Hermit) vs [Sentinel](@/w/sentinel.md) (I - The Magician) & [Wonder Haze](@/w/wonder-haze.md) (XII - The Hanged Man).

## Card

{% card(predicted=true) %}
- - '[_The Fool_ Goblin](@/w/goblin.md)(c)'
  - '[_The Star_ Robert Star](@/w/robert-star.md)'
  - c: '[PpW Championship](@/c/ppw-championship.md)'
    nc: upcoming
- - '[_The World_ Wujek Dobroniak](@/w/stanislaw-van-dobroniak.md)'
  - '[_The Empress_ Agentka Agatka](@/w/agentka-agatka.md)'
  - s: 'Custody of [Oskar](@/w/oskar-alexander.md) match.'
    nc: upcoming
- - '[_Wheel of Fortune_ Oskar Alexander](@/w/oskar-alexander.md)'
  - '[_Hierophant_ Johnny Blade](@/w/johnny-blade.md)'
  - s: 'Hardcore match'
    nc: upcoming
- - '[_The Tower_ Marco Hammers](@/w/marco-hammers.md)'
  - '[_Justice_ Axel Fox](@/w/axel-fox.md)'
  - nc: upcoming
- - '[_The Moon_ Marcelito](@/w/marcelito.md) & [_The Hermit_ Sambor](@/w/sambor.md)'
  - '[_The Magician_ Sentinel](@/w/sentinel.md) & [_The Hanged Man_ Wonder Haze](@/w/wonder-haze.md)'
  - s: Tag Team Match 
    nc: upcoming
- - '[_The Lover_ Gabriel Queen](@/w/gabriel-queen.md)'
  - '[_Strength_ Biesiad Strong](@/w/biesiad.md)'
  - '[_Death_ Olgierd](@/w/olgierd.md)'
  - '[_The Devil_ Vic Golden](@/w/vic-golden.md)'
  - s: Total Elimination Fatal 4-Way Match
    nc: upcoming
{% end %}

### Recap

* TBD

## References

* [Cagematch event page](https://www.cagematch.net/?id=1&nr=429937)
* [Facebook post announcing the event][mr2]

[mr2]: https://www.facebook.com/OficjalnePPW/posts/pfbid0taRW9fXjs7ofV4zixySEMYGQ9VfZZXPdemaSjGDpAWzoPNFjnqpo7J7WzS84B4mTl
[rwt]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rider%E2%80%93Waite_Tarot
[amber]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Chronicles_of_Amber
[kabanosy-sa-na-podlodze]: https://www.facebook.com/reel/1019415226812638
[kabanosy-sa-na-wikipedii]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kabanos
