content/e/ppw/2025-10-30-ppw_splat-clash-of-the-creeps.md, before:

+++
title = "PpW Clash of the Creeps"
template = "event_page.html"
authors = ["M3n747", "Szymon Iwulski"]
[taxonomies]
chronology = ["ppw", "splat"]
venue=["kinoteka"]
[extra]
city = "Warszawa"
toclevel = 2
[extra.gallery]
1 = { path = "ppw-clash-of-the-creeps-plakat.webp", caption = "Official poster featuring [Johnny Blade](@/w/johnny-blade.md) and [Gremlin](@/w/goblin.md).", source = "Official PpW Facebook"}
2 = { path = "masowy-kwesjasz.webp", caption = "Image announcing [Goblin](@/w/goblin.md).", source = "Official PpW Facebook"}
+++

Clash of the Creeps was an Halloween-themed PpW event. It was the second show in collaboration with horror film festival [Splat!FilmFest](@/o/splat.md), following 2024's [Chcemy Krwi!](@/e/ppw/2024-10-30-ppw_splat-chcemy-krwi.md). Like before, it was held in {% map_pin(v="Kinoteka") %}Kinoteka{% end %}, an arthouse cinema located in Warsaw's [Palace of Culture and Science][pkin-wikipedia]. The event was free and open to the public,, in addition to the moviegoers present.

## Build-up

* As per the show's announcement, PpW wrestlers will not face each other at the show. Instead, they will face the monsters from horror movies (presumably cosplay-clad wrestlers).
* On 13.10.2025 PpW confirmed that [PpW Champion](@/c/ppw-championship.md) [Goblin](@/w/goblin.md) will make an appearance, taking wrestlers' side against one of the monsters.

## Card

{% card() %}
- - '[Mister Z](@/w/mister-z.md)'
  - '[Michael Myers](@/w/olgierd.md)'
- - '[Oskar Alexander](@/w/oskar-alexander.md)'
  - '[Axel Fox](@/w/axel-fox.md)'
  - '[Pennywise](@/w/gustav-gryffin.md)'
  - s: Triple Threat Match
- - '[Biesiad](@/w/biesiad.md)'
  - 'The Zombie Horde: [Zombie 1](@/w/johnny-blade.md) & [Zombie 2](@/w/sedzia-kornel.md) & [Zombie 3](@/w/boro.md) & Necromancer'
  - s: Handicap Zombie Horde Match
- - '[Goblin](@/w/goblin.md)'
  - '[Art The Clown](@/w/gustav-gryffin.md)'
  - s: Casket Match
{% end %}

### Cosplay and characters

- Michael Myers
- Axel Fox was portraying Freddy Kruger from the Nightmare on Elm Street film franchise. He was wearing the character's trademark red-and-green striped sweater, brown fedora and metal-clawed leather glove.
- Oskar Alexander's costume referenced both Cactus Jack (as portrayed by American wrestler Mick Foley), and [Isnorr](@/w/isnorr.md). Oskar wore the same red-and black lumberjack shirt as both of them.
- Pennywise, the antagonist from Stephen King's _It_, was played by [Gustav Gryffin](@/w/gustav-gryffin.md).
- Art The Clown from the Terrifier series of movies, was also Gustav, easier to recognize as he didn't have a full-face mask like the other clown. The crowd quickly recognized him, and a brief [Bartoszyce](@/a/polish-wrestling-chants.md#wrestler-specific) chant was heard.
- The Necromancer was played by makeup artist Val Moren.

## Recap

* TBD

## References

* [Announcement at SplatFilmFest.com](https://splatfilmfest.com/wydarzenia_specjalne/wrestling-ppw-x-splatfilmfest-clash-of-the-creeps/)

[pkin-wikipedia]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Palace_of_Culture_and_Science

Commit message:

Update cosplay status and credits

content/e/ppw/2025-10-30-ppw_splat-clash-of-the-creeps.md, after:

+++
title = "PpW Clash of the Creeps"
template = "event_page.html"
authors = ["M3n747", "Szymon Iwulski", "Krzysztof Zych", "Sewi The Ref"]
[taxonomies]
chronology = ["ppw", "splat"]
venue=["kinoteka"]
[extra]
city = "Warszawa"
toclevel = 2
[extra.gallery]
1 = { path = "ppw-clash-of-the-creeps-plakat.webp", caption = "Official poster featuring [Johnny Blade](@/w/johnny-blade.md) and [Gremlin](@/w/goblin.md).", source = "Official PpW Facebook"}
2 = { path = "masowy-kwesjasz.webp", caption = "Image announcing [Goblin](@/w/goblin.md).", source = "Official PpW Facebook"}
+++

Clash of the Creeps was an Halloween-themed PpW event. It was the second show in collaboration with horror film festival [Splat!FilmFest](@/o/splat.md), following 2024's [Chcemy Krwi!](@/e/ppw/2024-10-30-ppw_splat-chcemy-krwi.md). Like before, it was held in {% map_pin(v="Kinoteka") %}Kinoteka{% end %}, an arthouse cinema located in Warsaw's [Palace of Culture and Science][pkin-wikipedia]. The event was free and open to the public,, in addition to the moviegoers present.

## Build-up

* As per the show's announcement, PpW wrestlers will not face each other at the show. Instead, they will face the monsters from horror movies (presumably cosplay-clad wrestlers).
* On 13.10.2025 PpW confirmed that [PpW Champion](@/c/ppw-championship.md) [Goblin](@/w/goblin.md) will make an appearance, taking wrestlers' side against one of the monsters.

## Card

{% card() %}
- - '[Mister Z](@/w/mister-z.md)'
  - '[Michael Myers](@/w/gabriel-queen.md)'
- - '[Oskar Alexander](@/w/oskar-alexander.md)'
  - '[Axel Fox](@/w/axel-fox.md)'
  - '[Pennywise](@/w/olgierd.md)'
  - s: Triple Threat Match
- - '[Biesiad](@/w/biesiad.md)'
  - 'The Zombie Horde: [Zombie 1](@/w/johnny-blade.md) & [Zombie 2](@/w/sedzia-kornel.md) & [Zombie 3](@/w/boro.md) & Necromancer'
  - s: Handicap Zombie Horde Match
- - '[Goblin](@/w/goblin.md)'
  - '[Art The Clown](@/w/gustav-gryffin.md)'
  - s: Casket Match
- credits:
   Referee: '[Sędzia Seweryn](@/w/sedzia-seweryn.md)'
   Host, Ring Announcer: '[OG Michael HT](@/w/michael-ht.md)'
{% end %}

### Cosplay and characters

- Michael Myers, the antagonist of the Halloween film series, was played by Gabriel Queen.
- Axel Fox was portraying Freddy Kruger from the Nightmare on Elm Street film franchise. He was wearing the character's trademark red-and-green striped sweater, brown fedora and metal-clawed leather glove. However, he was not introduced as Freddy, unlike the other named characters.
- Oskar Alexander's costume referenced both Cactus Jack (as portrayed by American wrestler Mick Foley), and [Isnorr](@/w/isnorr.md). Oskar wore the same red-and black lumberjack shirt as both of them.
- Pennywise, the antagonist from Stephen King's _It_, was played by [Olgierd](@/w/olgierd.md).
- Art The Clown from the Terrifier series of movies, was represented by Gustav, who didn't have a full-face mask like the other clown, bur only facepaint. The crowd quickly recognized him, and a brief [Bartoszyce](@/a/polish-wrestling-chants.md#wrestler-specific) chant was heard.
- The Necromancer was played by makeup artist Val Moren.

## Recap

* TBD

## References

* [Announcement at SplatFilmFest.com](https://splatfilmfest.com/wydarzenia_specjalne/wrestling-ppw-x-splatfilmfest-clash-of-the-creeps/)

[pkin-wikipedia]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Palace_of_Culture_and_Science
