content/e/ppw/2026-03-21-ppw-teraz-albo-nigdy-2.md, before:

+++
title = "PpW Teraz Albo Nigdy 2"
template = "event_page.html"
authors = ["M3n747"]
[taxonomies]
chronology = ["ppw"]
venue = ["minska-65"]
[extra]
city = "Warszawa"
toclevel = 2
has_video = false
[extra.gallery]
+++

Teraz Albo Nigdy 2 (_Now Or Never 2_) is an upcoming show by [PpW Ewenement Wrestling](@/o/ppw.md), set to take place in the Pillar Hall at [Mińska&nbsp;65](@/v/minska-65.md), and billed as a sequel to [a show](@/e/ppw/2025-03-15-ppw-teraz-albo-nigdy.md) from a year prior.

## Build-up

* The [announcement post][teraziej-albo-nigdywiej] recalled the "20 typa, 20 broni" (_20 dudes, 20 weapons_) match from Teraz Albo Nigdy and, this being a sequel, promised "even more dudes, even more weapons".
* The first match, announced on 10.02.2026, was a "25 typa, 25 broni" (_25 dudes, 25 weapons_). Like previously, the winner gets a title shot for the [PpW Championship](@/c/ppw-championship.md) at Ledwo Legalne 6.
* Next came the Triple Threat Match between [Sentinel](@/w/sentinel.md), [Antoni Ocean](@/w/antoni-ocean.md) and [Max Speed](@/w/max-speed.md), announced on 23.02.2026.
* On 24.02.2026 PpW published a [video promo][goblin-ma-dosc] of [Goblin](@/w/goblin.md) challenging [Jakub](@/w/jakub.md) to a Mam Dość (_I've Had Enough_) Match. Goblin, angry with the way [Axel Fox](@/w/jakub.md) sneakily one-upped him at [Trzeba Być](@/e/ppw/2026-02-21-ppw-trzeba-byc.md), called his former tag team partner to a fight intended to prove who can take more punishment and "whose vision is true". The match was confirmed on the next day.

## Predicted card

{% card(predicted=true) %}
- - '[Sentinel](@/w/sentinel.md)'
  - '[Antoni Ocean](@/w/antoni-ocean.md)'
  - '[Max Speed](@/w/max-speed.md)'
  - s: Triple Threat Match
    nc: upcoming
- - '[Goblin](@/w/goblin.md)'
  - '[Jakub](@/w/jakub.md)'
  - s: Mam Dość Match
    nc: upcoming
- - '???'
  - '???'
  - '???'
  - '???'
  - '???'
  - '???'
  - '???'
  - '???'
  - '???'
  - '???'
  - '???'
  - '???'
  - '???'
  - '???'
  - '???'
  - '???'
  - '???'
  - '???'
  - '???'
  - '???'
  - '???'
  - '???'
  - '???'
  - '???'
  - '???'
  - s: '25 Typa, 25 Broni Battle Royale for the [PpW Championship](@/c/ppw-championship.md) opportunity at Ledwo Legalne 6'
    nc: upcoming
 {% end %}

### Recap

* TBD

## References

* [Facebook post announcing the event][teraziej-albo-nigdywiej]

[teraziej-albo-nigdywiej]: https://www.facebook.com/photo/?fbid=1476502237813497&set=a.499910772139320
[goblin-ma-dosc]: https://www.facebook.com/reel/967912765571187

Commit message:

Teraz albo nigdy 2 - Robert Star

content/e/ppw/2026-03-21-ppw-teraz-albo-nigdy-2.md, after:

+++
title = "PpW Teraz Albo Nigdy 2"
template = "event_page.html"
authors = ["M3n747"]
[taxonomies]
chronology = ["ppw"]
venue = ["minska-65"]
[extra]
city = "Warszawa"
toclevel = 2
has_video = false
[extra.gallery]
+++

Teraz Albo Nigdy 2 (_Now Or Never 2_) is an upcoming show by [PpW Ewenement Wrestling](@/o/ppw.md), set to take place in the Pillar Hall at [Mińska&nbsp;65](@/v/minska-65.md), and billed as a sequel to [a show](@/e/ppw/2025-03-15-ppw-teraz-albo-nigdy.md) from a year prior.

## Build-up

* The [announcement post][teraziej-albo-nigdywiej] recalled the "20 typa, 20 broni" (_20 dudes, 20 weapons_) match from Teraz Albo Nigdy and, this being a sequel, promised "even more dudes, even more weapons".
* The first match, announced on 10.02.2026, was a "25 typa, 25 broni" (_25 dudes, 25 weapons_). Like previously, the winner gets a title shot for the [PpW Championship](@/c/ppw-championship.md) at Ledwo Legalne 6.
* Next came the Triple Threat Match between [Sentinel](@/w/sentinel.md), [Antoni Ocean](@/w/antoni-ocean.md) and [Max Speed](@/w/max-speed.md), announced on 23.02.2026.
* On 24.02.2026 PpW published a [video promo][goblin-ma-dosc] of [Goblin](@/w/goblin.md) challenging [Jakub](@/w/jakub.md) to a Mam Dość (_I've Had Enough_) Match. Goblin, angry with the way [Axel Fox](@/w/jakub.md) sneakily one-upped him at [Trzeba Być](@/e/ppw/2026-02-21-ppw-trzeba-byc.md), called his former tag team partner to a fight intended to prove who can take more punishment and "whose vision is true". The match was confirmed on the next day.
* The first worker confirmed for the Battle Royal was [Robert Star](@/w/robert-star.md), announced on 26.02.2026.

## Predicted card

{% card(predicted=true) %}
- - '[Sentinel](@/w/sentinel.md)'
  - '[Antoni Ocean](@/w/antoni-ocean.md)'
  - '[Max Speed](@/w/max-speed.md)'
  - s: Triple Threat Match
    nc: upcoming
- - '[Goblin](@/w/goblin.md)'
  - '[Jakub](@/w/jakub.md)'
  - s: Mam Dość Match
    nc: upcoming
- - '[Robert Star](@/w/robert-star.md)'
  - '???'
  - '???'
  - '???'
  - '???'
  - '???'
  - '???'
  - '???'
  - '???'
  - '???'
  - '???'
  - '???'
  - '???'
  - '???'
  - '???'
  - '???'
  - '???'
  - '???'
  - '???'
  - '???'
  - '???'
  - '???'
  - '???'
  - '???'
  - '???'
  - s: '25 Typa, 25 Broni Battle Royal for the [PpW Championship](@/c/ppw-championship.md) opportunity at Ledwo Legalne 6'
    nc: upcoming
 {% end %}

### Recap

* TBD

## References

* [Facebook post announcing the event][teraziej-albo-nigdywiej]

[teraziej-albo-nigdywiej]: https://www.facebook.com/photo/?fbid=1476502237813497&set=a.499910772139320
[goblin-ma-dosc]: https://www.facebook.com/reel/967912765571187
