content/a/bump.md, before:

+++
title = "Bump"
weight = 0
template = "article.html"
authors = ["Krzysztof Zych"]
[extra.gallery.00]
path = "bump-plakat-fdb.webp"
caption = "Official movie poster, depicting [Feager](@/w/feager.md), who is not a major character in the film."
source = "fdb.pl"
+++

BUMP is a short (16 minutes) documentary, directed by photographer Bartosz Mateńko. It had its theatrical premiere at [SplatFilmFest! 2025](@/o/splat.md), however it was also screened earlier in 2025 at FotoFestiwal in Łódź.

<!-- more -->

The movie focuses on five [PpW](@/o/ppw.md) wrestlers: [Goblin](@/w/goblin.md), [Axel Fox](@/w/axel-fox.md), [Mister Z](@/w/mister-z.md), [Biesiad](@/w/biesiad.md) and [Olgierd](@/w/olgierd.md). Another minor character is [Istociarz](@/w/istociarz.md), seen in his signature white lucha mask several times, either providing commentary or interviewing people.
Each of the wrestlers introduces themselves by their real name, and tells the story of how they got into wrestling, what keeps them interested, how they see and express themselves through their characters.
The interviews are shot in very tight framing, and intercut with footage of various PpW events as relevant.

## Depiction of wrestling

Opening with the final moments of [Hardcore Friday Turniej TypeShit](@/e/ppw/2025-08-15-ppw-hardcore-friday-turniej-typeshit.md), we see the action spill to the outside, and the crowds follow them, the wrestlers dramatically lit by flares.
When Biesiad talks about starting wrestling as kids holding shoot fights in the playground, fragments from [Neomania II](@/e/ppw/2012-07-01-ppw-neomania-ii.md) are shown. When he moves on to how they built their first makeshift ring, it's illustrated by footage from [Kiedyś Będzie Lepiej](@/e/ppw/2019-07-13-ppw-kiedys-bedzie-lepiej.md).

Footage from more recent events is also used, showing action from events held in [2 Koła](@/v/2kola.md), [Waldorffa 25](@/v/waldorffa25.md), [Praga Centrum](@/v/praga-centrum.md), [Teatr Komuna](@/v/teatr-komuna.md) and [Hala Labo](@/v/minska-65.md).

## Depiction of wrestlers

- Goblin talks about his immediate fascination with wrestling, showing up at the training sessions as soon as he possibly could. Later he also discusses how a wrestler's character is an exaggerated version of their real persona, and what that persona must be like to connect with the audience.
- Fox mentions how his health condition stopped him from participating in sports, and being lucky that a medical procedure allowed him to become a wrestler. He also talks of wrestling as showing a story, which not all viewers may be interested in, preferring to see him getting kicked in the face instead.
- Mister Z tells the viewers how his character emphasizes all the things he himself hates, in order to be an effective heel. In another segment, he shares how their [Dojo](@/o/ewenement-dojo.md) operates, during which we see the exterior and interior of the facility, and footage from their training sessions with more PpW wrestlers and personnel.
- Olgierd shares that he enjoys how his originally simple, brute character has developed since debut, and that he's an introvert by nature, despite what wrestling requires of him. Later he mentions how fans support him and other wrestlers by buying merchandise, and shows a few examples including his signature hand-painted baseball bats.
- Biesiad mostly provides history, explaining how he became a wrestler. He also shares his first ringname, from the backyard era, which was ["Kakałko"][wiki-steven] (_small cocoa drink_).


## References

* [SplatFilmFest! 2025 programme entry](https://splatfilmfest.com/program_2025/bump/)
* [BUMP at FilmWeb](https://www.filmweb.pl/film/Bump-2025-10098005)
* [BUMP at fdb.pl](https://fdb.pl/film/1286012-bump)

[wiki-steven]: //ppw-fandom.tpwres.pl/steven-strong

Commit message:

Where to watch? Nowhere as of now

content/a/bump.md, after:

+++
title = "Bump"
weight = 0
template = "article.html"
authors = ["Krzysztof Zych"]
[extra.gallery.00]
path = "bump-plakat-fdb.webp"
caption = "Official movie poster, depicting [Feager](@/w/feager.md), who is not a major character in the film."
source = "fdb.pl"
+++

BUMP is a short (16 minutes) documentary, directed by photographer Bartosz Mateńko. It had its theatrical premiere at [SplatFilmFest! 2025](@/o/splat.md), however it was also screened earlier in 2025 at FotoFestiwal in Łódź.

<!-- more -->

The movie focuses on five [PpW](@/o/ppw.md) wrestlers: [Goblin](@/w/goblin.md), [Axel Fox](@/w/axel-fox.md), [Mister Z](@/w/mister-z.md), [Biesiad](@/w/biesiad.md) and [Olgierd](@/w/olgierd.md). Another minor character is [Istociarz](@/w/istociarz.md), seen in his signature white lucha mask several times, either providing commentary or interviewing people.
Each of the wrestlers introduces themselves by their real name, and tells the story of how they got into wrestling, what keeps them interested, how they see and express themselves through their characters.
The interviews are shot in very tight framing, and intercut with footage of various PpW events as relevant.

## Depiction of wrestling

Opening with the final moments of [Hardcore Friday Turniej TypeShit](@/e/ppw/2025-08-15-ppw-hardcore-friday-turniej-typeshit.md), we see the action spill to the outside, and the crowds follow them, the wrestlers dramatically lit by flares.
When Biesiad talks about starting wrestling as kids holding shoot fights in the playground, fragments from [Neomania II](@/e/ppw/2012-07-01-ppw-neomania-ii.md) are shown. When he moves on to how they built their first makeshift ring, it's illustrated by footage from [Kiedyś Będzie Lepiej](@/e/ppw/2019-07-13-ppw-kiedys-bedzie-lepiej.md).

Footage from more recent events is also used, showing action from events held in [2 Koła](@/v/2kola.md), [Waldorffa 25](@/v/waldorffa25.md), [Praga Centrum](@/v/praga-centrum.md), [Teatr Komuna](@/v/teatr-komuna.md) and [Hala Labo](@/v/minska-65.md).

## Depiction of wrestlers

- Goblin talks about his immediate fascination with wrestling, showing up at the training sessions as soon as he possibly could. Later he also discusses how a wrestler's character is an exaggerated version of their real persona, and what that persona must be like to connect with the audience.
- Fox mentions how his health condition stopped him from participating in sports, and being lucky that a medical procedure allowed him to become a wrestler. He also talks of wrestling as showing a story, which not all viewers may be interested in, preferring to see him getting kicked in the face instead.
- Mister Z tells the viewers how his character emphasizes all the things he himself hates, in order to be an effective heel. In another segment, he shares how their [Dojo](@/o/ewenement-dojo.md) operates, during which we see the exterior and interior of the facility, and footage from their training sessions with more PpW wrestlers and personnel.
- Olgierd shares that he enjoys how his originally simple, brute character has developed since debut, and that he's an introvert by nature, despite what wrestling requires of him. Later he mentions how fans support him and other wrestlers by buying merchandise, and shows a few examples including his signature hand-painted baseball bats.
- Biesiad mostly provides history, explaining how he became a wrestler. He also shares his first ringname, from the backyard era, which was ["Kakałko"][wiki-steven] (_small cocoa drink_).

## Where to watch

As of October 2025 the movie was not available to stream. During SplatFilmFest!, in a panel with directors of the other short features screened together, Bartosz Mateńko suggested that it will be made available sometime in 2026, with no further details as to when or where.


## References

* [SplatFilmFest! 2025 programme entry](https://splatfilmfest.com/program_2025/bump/)
* [BUMP at FilmWeb](https://www.filmweb.pl/film/Bump-2025-10098005)
* [BUMP at fdb.pl](https://fdb.pl/film/1286012-bump)

[wiki-steven]: //ppw-fandom.tpwres.pl/steven-strong
