content/a/ptw-awards.md, before:

+++
title = "PTW Awards"
weight = 0
template = "article.html"
aliases = ["/a/ptw-awards-2022", "/a/ptw-awards-2024"]
authors = ["Sewi The Referee"]
[taxonomies]
category = ["Achievements"]
[extra]
toclevel = 3
[extra.gallery]
+++

The PTW Awards ("Nagrody podsumowujące rok", loosely translated as _End-of-the-Year Awards_) are a [PTW](@/o/ptw.md) initiative where awards, similar to the Academy Awards or WWE-estabilished Slammy Awards, are given to professional wrestlers and other individuals within PTW, such as commentators and referees, for notable achievements during the year.

<!-- more -->

The awards were originally planned to be hosted annually, at the end of each year. This plan didn't entirely pan out, however, as there was no 2023/24 edition of the Awards. Instead, after 2022 next edition took place two years later.

## Editions

### PTW Awards 2022

The first edition took place in Dec 2022/Jan 2023, to summarize the first chapter of PTW's existence, from [PTW #1: Revolucja](@/e/ptw/2021-10-09-ptw-1-revolucja.md) until the end of 2022.
Fans nominated their candidates by voting with reactions on PTW's Facebook page, which posted selected nominees in multiple categories.

This award ceremony was held during [PTW Underground 12](@/e/ptw/2023-02-26-ptw-underground-12.md).
Each of the winners was awarded a physical trophy, crafted out of acrylic plastic, depicting a wrestler figure flexing his muscles against the "Kinguin PTW" logo, with individual signatures on the base.

Although most of the fan-voting went uninterrupted, there was one category which caused controversy.
While [Sędzia Seweryn](@/w/sedzia-seweryn.md) and Sędzia Matek fought a close battle for the prize, Sędzia Rafał unexpectedly and rapidly gained over 250 reactions.
Until that moment he had just around 40, compared to his opponents' 150 reactions.
After a short investigation, it was found that somebody decided to buy around 200 reactions from well-known Vietnamese social media bot farms.
This escalated into the so-called "Afera Azjatycka" (_Asian Scandal_), concluding in Sędzia Rafał's disqualification from the voting, and suspension from referee duties.
His reputation among PTW's fans and other workers also suffered dramatically.

Later it turned out that the entire thing was orchestrated as a prank by Szymon "Modzel" Modzelewski - a wrestling fan who wanted to tease PTW and Pawłowski by interfering with the poll results.

#### Categories awarded

- Wrestler Roku (_Wrestler of the Year_)
- Bohater Roku (_Hero of the Year_)
- Złoczyńca Roku (_Villain of the Year_)
- Debiutant Roku (_Newcomer of the Year_)
- Mówca Roku (_Speaker of the Year_)
- Tag Team Roku (_Tag Team of the Year_)
- Komentator Roku (_Commentator of the Year_)
- Wrestlerka Roku (_Female Wrestler of the Year_)
- Walka Roku (_Match of the Year_)
- Finisher Roku (_Finisher of the Year_)
- Moment Roku (_Moment of the Year_)
- Sędzia Roku (_Referee of the Year_)
- Konflikt Roku (_Feud of the Year_)
- Gala Roku (_Show of the Year_)

#### Results of fan-voting in each category

##### Wrestler of the Year

1. [Puncher](@/w/puncher.md) - 441 votes
2. [Justin Joy](@/w/justin-joy.md) - 365 votes
3. [Joe Hendry](@/w/joe-hendry.md) - 65 votes
4. Matt Sydal - 54 votes
5. [Krampus](@/w/krampus.md) - 27 votes

##### Hero of the Year

1. [Axel Fox](@/w/axel-fox.md) - 215 votes
2. Samuray Del Sol - 40 votes
3. [Taras](@/w/taras.md) - 39 votes
4. [Nano Lopez](@/w/nano-lopez.md) - 19 votes
5. [Disco Pablo](@/w/disco-pablo.md) - 8 votes

##### Villain of the Year

1. [Sinister](@/w/sinister.md) - 165
2. [Bad Bones](@/w/bad-bones.md) - 60
3. [Syriusz Dziedzic](@/w/dziedzic.md) - 43
4. [Puncher](@/w/puncher.md) - 36
5. [Gabriel Queen](@/w/gabriel-queen.md) - 14

##### Newcomer of the Year

1. [Vic Golden](@/w/vic-golden.md) - 130
2. [Wiktor Longman](@/w/wiktor-longman.md) - 93
3. [Samson](@/w/samson.md) - 65
4. [Spartan](@/w/spartan.md) - 33
5. [Aron Wake](@/w/aron-wake.md) - 11

##### Speaker of the Year

1. [Puncher](@/w/puncher.md) - 219
2. [TAXI Złotówa](@/w/taxi-zlotowa.md) - 83
3. [Syriusz Dziedzic](@/w/dziedzic.md) - 49
4. [Sinister](@/w/sinister.md) - 24
5. [Axel Fox](@/w/axel-fox.md) - 19

##### Tag Team of the Year

1. Pure Gold ([Gabriel Queen](@/w/gabriel-queen.md) & [Vic Golden](@/w/vic-golden.md)) - 172
2. PAKA ([Disco Pablo](@/w/disco-pablo.md), [Taras](@/w/taras.md) & [Boro](@/w/boro.md)) - 124
3. Bright Lights ([Marcelito](@/w/marcelito.md) & [Karol "Iskra" Górski](@/w/iskra.md)) - 25

##### Commentator of the Year

1. [Arek Paterek](@/w/arek-paterek.md) - 171
2. [Łukasz Baliński](@/w/lukasz-balinski.md) - 75
3. [Piotr Małecki](@/w/piotr-malecki.md) - 56
4. [Santino](@/w/santino.md) - 35
5. [Lewis Costello](@/w/lewis-costello.md) - 12

##### Female Wrestler of the Year

1. [Diana Strong](@/w/diana-strong.md) - 135
2. [Myla Grace](@/w/myla-grace.md) - 86
3. Xia Brookside - 11
4. Helena Sixt - 3
5. Gaya Glass - 0

##### Show of the Year

1. [PTW #3: Legends](@/e/ptw/2022-11-26-ptw-3-legends.md) - 170
2. [PTW #1: REVOLUCJA](@/e/ptw/2021-10-09-ptw-1-revolucja.md) - 13
3. [PTW #2: BlackOut](@/e/ptw/2022-02-19-ptw-2-blackout.md) - 11
4. [PTW X Ryucon](@/e/ptw/2022-07-31-ptw-x-ryucon.md) - 4
5. [PTW Underground 8](@/e/ptw/2022-09-25-ptw-underground-8.md) - 2

##### Match of the Year

1. [Justin Joy](@/w/justin-joy.md) vs [Axel Fox](@/w/axel-fox.md) - [Legends](@/e/ptw/2022-11-26-ptw-3-legends.md) - 165
2. Matt Sydal vs Samuray Del Sol - Legends - 25
3. [Disco Pablo](@/w/disco-pablo.md) vs [Diana Strong](@/w/diana-strong.md) vs [Pure](@/w/gabriel-queen.md) [Gold](@/w/vic-golden.md) - [Ryucon](@/e/ptw/2022-07-31-ptw-x-ryucon.md) - 16
4. [Jonny Storm](@/w/jonny-storm.md) vs Jody Fleisch - [Revolucja](@/e/ptw/2021-10-09-ptw-1-revolucja.md) - 7
5. Axel Tischer vs Bad Bones - [Blackout](@/e/ptw/2022-02-19-ptw-2-blackout.md) - 7

##### Finisher of the Year

1. [Puncher](@/w/puncher.md) - Wylew - 174
2. [Robert Star](@/w/robert-star.md) - Stallion Cutter - 137
3. PAKA - Blok 3D - 31
4. [Spartan](@/w/spartan.md) - Spartan Bomb - 28
5. [Nano Lopez](@/w/nano-lopez.md) - Last Plane to Spain - 14

##### Moment of the Year

1. [Justin Joy](@/w/justin-joy.md) & [Axel Fox's](@/w/axel-fox.md) reunion - 93
2. [Joy](@/w/justin-joy.md) dropped on a table - 58
3. [Krampus](@/w/krampus.md) chokeslamming [Nano](@/w/nano-lopez.md) through a table - 15
4. PAKA's 6-man suplex - 9
5. [Santino's](@/w/santino.md) Cobra - 9

##### Referee of the Year

1. [Sędzia Seweryn](@/w/sedzia-seweryn.md) - 174
2. [Sędzia Matek](@/w/sedzia-matek.md) - 149
3. [Sędzia Rafał](@/w/alex-brave.md) - 234 pre-disqualification (36 excluding paid bot votes)

##### Feud of the Year

1. [Axel Fox](@/w/axel-fox.md) vs [Justin Joy](@/w/justin-joy.md) - 88
2. [Nano Lopez](@/w/nano-lopez.md) vs [Sinister](@/w/sinister.md) - 60
3. [TAXI Złotówa](@/w/taxi-zlotowa.md) vs Employers - 24
4. [Puncher](@/w/puncher.md) vs Influencers - 12
5. [Bad Bones](@/w/bad-bones.md) vs PTW - 9

### PTW Awards 2024

PTW Awards 2024 were the follow-up to the 2022 edition, as the 2023 one didn't take place. 

Like previously, the winners were to be decided by fans on the official PTW Facebook fanpage, by voting with FB reactions for the nominees. The voting started in mid-December 2024 and was set to comprise ten categories.

On 30.12.2024 fans noticed a sudden influx of votes for Spartan in the "Wrestler of the Year" and "Hero of the Year" categories. Just like in 2022, those votes came from Vietnamese accounts.

Although initially presented as a genuine fan-voted popularity contest, the 2024 PTW Awards turned out to be largely influenced by Pawłowski's "power trip" storyline, with poll results ignored multiple times. At [Nowe Porządki](@/e/ptw/2025-01-11-ptw-nowe-porzadki.md) [Alex Brave](@/w/alex-brave.md) cut a promo on [Spartan](@/w/spartan.md) accusing him of buying votes (a repetition of the "Asian Scandal" from 2022).

Instead of publicly announcing the winners for all categories, the announcements were inconsistent and fragmented - some on social media and some at PTW shows:

* [Arkadiusz Pawłowski](@/w/pan-pawlowski.md) announced himself the Speaker of the Year (online, on his personal Facebook account).
* Pawłowski overruled fan votes, allowing [Vincent Caravaggio](@/w/vincent-caravaggio.md) to become the Newcomer of the Year, despite [Miyagi Shida](@/w/miyagi-shida.md) having the majority. Łukasz Okoński handed him the award at [Nowe Porządki](@/e/ptw/2025-01-11-ptw-nowe-porzadki.md).
* [Max Speed](@/w/max-speed.md) was awarded in two categories, Hero and Progress of the Year. Despite [Spartan](@/w/spartan.md) winning the popular vote for Hero of the Year, it seems like Alex Brave's doubts were taken into consideration. Pawłowski handed both awards to Speed at [Wrestlingowe Walentynki](@/e/ptw/2025-02-15-ptw-wrestlingowe-walentynki.md).

#### Categories awarded

The [initial post][10-categories] stated fans could vote in ten categories, but only six were announced and voted for:

- Wrestler Roku (_Wrestler of the Year_)
- Debiutant Roku (_Newcomer of the Year_)
- Progres Roku (_Progress of the Year_)
- Mówca Roku (_Speaker of the Year_)
- Bohater Roku (_Hero of the Year_)
- Złoczyńca Roku (_Villain of the Year_)

#### Results of fan-voting in each category

##### Wrestler of the Year (not awarded)

1. [Spartan](@/w/spartan.md) - 229 votes
2. [Diana Strong](@/w/diana-strong.md) - 97 votes
3. [Dawid "Puncher" Seńko](@/w/puncher.md) - 28 votes
4. [Krampus](@/w/krampus.md) - 10 votes
5. ["Starboy" Nano Lopez](@/w/nano-lopez.md) - 8 votes

##### Newcomer of the Year

1. [Miyagi Shida](@/w/miyagi-shida.md) - 177 votes
2. [Vincent Caravaggio](@/w/vincent-caravaggio.md) - 167 votes *(winner)*
3. [Alex Brave](@/w/alex-brave.md) - 41 votes
4. [Łukasz "Prezes" Okoński](@/w/lukasz-okonski.md) - 21 votes

##### Progress of the Year

1. [Max Speed](@/w/max-speed.md) - 91 votes *(winner)*
2. [Alex Brave](@/w/alex-brave.md) - 45 votes
3. [Erik Šlotíř](@/w/erik-slotir.md) - 12 votes
4. [Blaze](@/w/blaze.md) - 10 votes

##### Speaker of the Year

1. [Arkadiusz Pawłowski](@/w/pan-pawlowski.md) - 87 votes *(winner)*
2. [Dawid "Puncher" Seńko](@/w/puncher.md) - 53 votes
3. [Vincent Caravaggio](@/w/vincent-caravaggio.md) - 27 votes
4. [Alex Brave](@/w/alex-brave.md) - 11 votes

##### Hero of the Year

1. [Spartan](@/w/spartan.md) - 208 votes
2. [Max Speed](@/w/max-speed.md) - 67 votes *(winner)*
3. [Diana Strong](@/w/diana-strong.md) - 64 votes
4. ["Starboy" Nano Lopez](@/w/nano-lopez.md) - 17 votes

##### Villain of the Year (not awarded)

1. [Vincent Caravaggio](@/w/vincent-caravaggio.md) - 38 votes
2. [Dawid "Puncher" Seńko](@/w/puncher.md) - 30 votes
3. [Rust](@/w/rust.md) - 11 votes
5. [Alex Brave](@/w/alex-brave.md) - 7 votes

### PTW Awards 2025

The third edition of the PTW Awards was [announced][nagrody-2025] on Christmas Day 2025, becoming a yearly PTW tradition. Once again, fans could vote with Facebook reactions in several categories, unveiled individually over time.

#### Categories awarded

- Wrestler Roku (_Wrestler of the Year_)

## References
* [Video: Okoński hands Caravaggio his award at Nowe Porządki](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JXaHVjd4WNQ&t=3470) (requires paid subscription)
* [Video: Pawłowski hands Max Speed his awards at Wrestlingowe Walentynki](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Til3tBdaKvs&t=1330) (requires paid subscription)
* [Pawłowski awards himself Speaker of the year](https://www.facebook.com/MrPawlowski/posts/pfbid02SXkH48k3WGpoghdzs8v46dQQh1tAbrU6GimkmKrZG77USZ2DvW1GDdc6qEYTRcThl)

[10-categories]: https://www.facebook.com/photo/?fbid=629516462734333&set=a.136592408693410
[nagrody-2025]: https://www.facebook.com/PrimeTimeWrestlingPL/posts/pfbid0J34GtYs1zUAevsuNUqZdftAXKrYMjfcLaEVku5Bwc3zjx7S6Vy9yHd3oiMCmz6mbl

Commit message:

PTW Awards - zagraniczna gwiazda roku

content/a/ptw-awards.md, after:

+++
title = "PTW Awards"
weight = 0
template = "article.html"
aliases = ["/a/ptw-awards-2022", "/a/ptw-awards-2024"]
authors = ["Sewi The Referee"]
[taxonomies]
category = ["Achievements"]
[extra]
toclevel = 3
[extra.gallery]
+++

The PTW Awards ("Nagrody podsumowujące rok", loosely translated as _End-of-the-Year Awards_) are a [PTW](@/o/ptw.md) initiative where awards, similar to the Academy Awards or WWE-estabilished Slammy Awards, are given to professional wrestlers and other individuals within PTW, such as commentators and referees, for notable achievements during the year.

<!-- more -->

The awards were originally planned to be hosted annually, at the end of each year. This plan didn't entirely pan out, however, as there was no 2023/24 edition of the Awards. Instead, after 2022 next edition took place two years later.

## Editions

### PTW Awards 2022

The first edition took place in Dec 2022/Jan 2023, to summarize the first chapter of PTW's existence, from [PTW #1: Revolucja](@/e/ptw/2021-10-09-ptw-1-revolucja.md) until the end of 2022.
Fans nominated their candidates by voting with reactions on PTW's Facebook page, which posted selected nominees in multiple categories.

This award ceremony was held during [PTW Underground 12](@/e/ptw/2023-02-26-ptw-underground-12.md).
Each of the winners was awarded a physical trophy, crafted out of acrylic plastic, depicting a wrestler figure flexing his muscles against the "Kinguin PTW" logo, with individual signatures on the base.

Although most of the fan-voting went uninterrupted, there was one category which caused controversy.
While [Sędzia Seweryn](@/w/sedzia-seweryn.md) and Sędzia Matek fought a close battle for the prize, Sędzia Rafał unexpectedly and rapidly gained over 250 reactions.
Until that moment he had just around 40, compared to his opponents' 150 reactions.
After a short investigation, it was found that somebody decided to buy around 200 reactions from well-known Vietnamese social media bot farms.
This escalated into the so-called "Afera Azjatycka" (_Asian Scandal_), concluding in Sędzia Rafał's disqualification from the voting, and suspension from referee duties.
His reputation among PTW's fans and other workers also suffered dramatically.

Later it turned out that the entire thing was orchestrated as a prank by Szymon "Modzel" Modzelewski - a wrestling fan who wanted to tease PTW and Pawłowski by interfering with the poll results.

#### Categories awarded

- Wrestler Roku (_Wrestler of the Year_)
- Bohater Roku (_Hero of the Year_)
- Złoczyńca Roku (_Villain of the Year_)
- Debiutant Roku (_Newcomer of the Year_)
- Mówca Roku (_Speaker of the Year_)
- Tag Team Roku (_Tag Team of the Year_)
- Komentator Roku (_Commentator of the Year_)
- Wrestlerka Roku (_Female Wrestler of the Year_)
- Walka Roku (_Match of the Year_)
- Finisher Roku (_Finisher of the Year_)
- Moment Roku (_Moment of the Year_)
- Sędzia Roku (_Referee of the Year_)
- Konflikt Roku (_Feud of the Year_)
- Gala Roku (_Show of the Year_)

#### Results of fan-voting in each category

##### Wrestler of the Year

1. [Puncher](@/w/puncher.md) - 441 votes
2. [Justin Joy](@/w/justin-joy.md) - 365 votes
3. [Joe Hendry](@/w/joe-hendry.md) - 65 votes
4. Matt Sydal - 54 votes
5. [Krampus](@/w/krampus.md) - 27 votes

##### Hero of the Year

1. [Axel Fox](@/w/axel-fox.md) - 215 votes
2. Samuray Del Sol - 40 votes
3. [Taras](@/w/taras.md) - 39 votes
4. [Nano Lopez](@/w/nano-lopez.md) - 19 votes
5. [Disco Pablo](@/w/disco-pablo.md) - 8 votes

##### Villain of the Year

1. [Sinister](@/w/sinister.md) - 165
2. [Bad Bones](@/w/bad-bones.md) - 60
3. [Syriusz Dziedzic](@/w/dziedzic.md) - 43
4. [Puncher](@/w/puncher.md) - 36
5. [Gabriel Queen](@/w/gabriel-queen.md) - 14

##### Newcomer of the Year

1. [Vic Golden](@/w/vic-golden.md) - 130
2. [Wiktor Longman](@/w/wiktor-longman.md) - 93
3. [Samson](@/w/samson.md) - 65
4. [Spartan](@/w/spartan.md) - 33
5. [Aron Wake](@/w/aron-wake.md) - 11

##### Speaker of the Year

1. [Puncher](@/w/puncher.md) - 219
2. [TAXI Złotówa](@/w/taxi-zlotowa.md) - 83
3. [Syriusz Dziedzic](@/w/dziedzic.md) - 49
4. [Sinister](@/w/sinister.md) - 24
5. [Axel Fox](@/w/axel-fox.md) - 19

##### Tag Team of the Year

1. Pure Gold ([Gabriel Queen](@/w/gabriel-queen.md) & [Vic Golden](@/w/vic-golden.md)) - 172
2. PAKA ([Disco Pablo](@/w/disco-pablo.md), [Taras](@/w/taras.md) & [Boro](@/w/boro.md)) - 124
3. Bright Lights ([Marcelito](@/w/marcelito.md) & [Karol "Iskra" Górski](@/w/iskra.md)) - 25

##### Commentator of the Year

1. [Arek Paterek](@/w/arek-paterek.md) - 171
2. [Łukasz Baliński](@/w/lukasz-balinski.md) - 75
3. [Piotr Małecki](@/w/piotr-malecki.md) - 56
4. [Santino](@/w/santino.md) - 35
5. [Lewis Costello](@/w/lewis-costello.md) - 12

##### Female Wrestler of the Year

1. [Diana Strong](@/w/diana-strong.md) - 135
2. [Myla Grace](@/w/myla-grace.md) - 86
3. Xia Brookside - 11
4. Helena Sixt - 3
5. Gaya Glass - 0

##### Show of the Year

1. [PTW #3: Legends](@/e/ptw/2022-11-26-ptw-3-legends.md) - 170
2. [PTW #1: REVOLUCJA](@/e/ptw/2021-10-09-ptw-1-revolucja.md) - 13
3. [PTW #2: BlackOut](@/e/ptw/2022-02-19-ptw-2-blackout.md) - 11
4. [PTW X Ryucon](@/e/ptw/2022-07-31-ptw-x-ryucon.md) - 4
5. [PTW Underground 8](@/e/ptw/2022-09-25-ptw-underground-8.md) - 2

##### Match of the Year

1. [Justin Joy](@/w/justin-joy.md) vs [Axel Fox](@/w/axel-fox.md) - [Legends](@/e/ptw/2022-11-26-ptw-3-legends.md) - 165
2. Matt Sydal vs Samuray Del Sol - Legends - 25
3. [Disco Pablo](@/w/disco-pablo.md) vs [Diana Strong](@/w/diana-strong.md) vs [Pure](@/w/gabriel-queen.md) [Gold](@/w/vic-golden.md) - [Ryucon](@/e/ptw/2022-07-31-ptw-x-ryucon.md) - 16
4. [Jonny Storm](@/w/jonny-storm.md) vs Jody Fleisch - [Revolucja](@/e/ptw/2021-10-09-ptw-1-revolucja.md) - 7
5. Axel Tischer vs Bad Bones - [Blackout](@/e/ptw/2022-02-19-ptw-2-blackout.md) - 7

##### Finisher of the Year

1. [Puncher](@/w/puncher.md) - Wylew - 174
2. [Robert Star](@/w/robert-star.md) - Stallion Cutter - 137
3. PAKA - Blok 3D - 31
4. [Spartan](@/w/spartan.md) - Spartan Bomb - 28
5. [Nano Lopez](@/w/nano-lopez.md) - Last Plane to Spain - 14

##### Moment of the Year

1. [Justin Joy](@/w/justin-joy.md) & [Axel Fox's](@/w/axel-fox.md) reunion - 93
2. [Joy](@/w/justin-joy.md) dropped on a table - 58
3. [Krampus](@/w/krampus.md) chokeslamming [Nano](@/w/nano-lopez.md) through a table - 15
4. PAKA's 6-man suplex - 9
5. [Santino's](@/w/santino.md) Cobra - 9

##### Referee of the Year

1. [Sędzia Seweryn](@/w/sedzia-seweryn.md) - 174
2. [Sędzia Matek](@/w/sedzia-matek.md) - 149
3. [Sędzia Rafał](@/w/alex-brave.md) - 234 pre-disqualification (36 excluding paid bot votes)

##### Feud of the Year

1. [Axel Fox](@/w/axel-fox.md) vs [Justin Joy](@/w/justin-joy.md) - 88
2. [Nano Lopez](@/w/nano-lopez.md) vs [Sinister](@/w/sinister.md) - 60
3. [TAXI Złotówa](@/w/taxi-zlotowa.md) vs Employers - 24
4. [Puncher](@/w/puncher.md) vs Influencers - 12
5. [Bad Bones](@/w/bad-bones.md) vs PTW - 9

### PTW Awards 2024

PTW Awards 2024 were the follow-up to the 2022 edition, as the 2023 one didn't take place. 

Like previously, the winners were to be decided by fans on the official PTW Facebook fanpage, by voting with FB reactions for the nominees. The voting started in mid-December 2024 and was set to comprise ten categories.

On 30.12.2024 fans noticed a sudden influx of votes for Spartan in the "Wrestler of the Year" and "Hero of the Year" categories. Just like in 2022, those votes came from Vietnamese accounts.

Although initially presented as a genuine fan-voted popularity contest, the 2024 PTW Awards turned out to be largely influenced by Pawłowski's "power trip" storyline, with poll results ignored multiple times. At [Nowe Porządki](@/e/ptw/2025-01-11-ptw-nowe-porzadki.md) [Alex Brave](@/w/alex-brave.md) cut a promo on [Spartan](@/w/spartan.md) accusing him of buying votes (a repetition of the "Asian Scandal" from 2022).

Instead of publicly announcing the winners for all categories, the announcements were inconsistent and fragmented - some on social media and some at PTW shows:

* [Arkadiusz Pawłowski](@/w/pan-pawlowski.md) announced himself the Speaker of the Year (online, on his personal Facebook account).
* Pawłowski overruled fan votes, allowing [Vincent Caravaggio](@/w/vincent-caravaggio.md) to become the Newcomer of the Year, despite [Miyagi Shida](@/w/miyagi-shida.md) having the majority. Łukasz Okoński handed him the award at [Nowe Porządki](@/e/ptw/2025-01-11-ptw-nowe-porzadki.md).
* [Max Speed](@/w/max-speed.md) was awarded in two categories, Hero and Progress of the Year. Despite [Spartan](@/w/spartan.md) winning the popular vote for Hero of the Year, it seems like Alex Brave's doubts were taken into consideration. Pawłowski handed both awards to Speed at [Wrestlingowe Walentynki](@/e/ptw/2025-02-15-ptw-wrestlingowe-walentynki.md).

#### Categories awarded

The [initial post][10-categories] stated fans could vote in ten categories, but only six were announced and voted for:

- Wrestler Roku (_Wrestler of the Year_)
- Debiutant Roku (_Newcomer of the Year_)
- Progres Roku (_Progress of the Year_)
- Mówca Roku (_Speaker of the Year_)
- Bohater Roku (_Hero of the Year_)
- Złoczyńca Roku (_Villain of the Year_)

#### Results of fan-voting in each category

##### Wrestler of the Year (not awarded)

1. [Spartan](@/w/spartan.md) - 229 votes
2. [Diana Strong](@/w/diana-strong.md) - 97 votes
3. [Dawid "Puncher" Seńko](@/w/puncher.md) - 28 votes
4. [Krampus](@/w/krampus.md) - 10 votes
5. ["Starboy" Nano Lopez](@/w/nano-lopez.md) - 8 votes

##### Newcomer of the Year

1. [Miyagi Shida](@/w/miyagi-shida.md) - 177 votes
2. [Vincent Caravaggio](@/w/vincent-caravaggio.md) - 167 votes *(winner)*
3. [Alex Brave](@/w/alex-brave.md) - 41 votes
4. [Łukasz "Prezes" Okoński](@/w/lukasz-okonski.md) - 21 votes

##### Progress of the Year

1. [Max Speed](@/w/max-speed.md) - 91 votes *(winner)*
2. [Alex Brave](@/w/alex-brave.md) - 45 votes
3. [Erik Šlotíř](@/w/erik-slotir.md) - 12 votes
4. [Blaze](@/w/blaze.md) - 10 votes

##### Speaker of the Year

1. [Arkadiusz Pawłowski](@/w/pan-pawlowski.md) - 87 votes *(winner)*
2. [Dawid "Puncher" Seńko](@/w/puncher.md) - 53 votes
3. [Vincent Caravaggio](@/w/vincent-caravaggio.md) - 27 votes
4. [Alex Brave](@/w/alex-brave.md) - 11 votes

##### Hero of the Year

1. [Spartan](@/w/spartan.md) - 208 votes
2. [Max Speed](@/w/max-speed.md) - 67 votes *(winner)*
3. [Diana Strong](@/w/diana-strong.md) - 64 votes
4. ["Starboy" Nano Lopez](@/w/nano-lopez.md) - 17 votes

##### Villain of the Year (not awarded)

1. [Vincent Caravaggio](@/w/vincent-caravaggio.md) - 38 votes
2. [Dawid "Puncher" Seńko](@/w/puncher.md) - 30 votes
3. [Rust](@/w/rust.md) - 11 votes
5. [Alex Brave](@/w/alex-brave.md) - 7 votes

### PTW Awards 2025

The third edition of the PTW Awards was [announced][nagrody-2025] on Christmas Day 2025, becoming a yearly PTW tradition. Once again, fans could vote with Facebook reactions in several categories, unveiled individually over time.

#### Categories awarded

- Wrestler Roku (_Wrestler of the Year_)
- Zagraniczna Gwiazda Roku (_Foreign Star of the Year_)

## References
* [Video: Okoński hands Caravaggio his award at Nowe Porządki](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JXaHVjd4WNQ&t=3470) (requires paid subscription)
* [Video: Pawłowski hands Max Speed his awards at Wrestlingowe Walentynki](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Til3tBdaKvs&t=1330) (requires paid subscription)
* [Pawłowski awards himself Speaker of the year](https://www.facebook.com/MrPawlowski/posts/pfbid02SXkH48k3WGpoghdzs8v46dQQh1tAbrU6GimkmKrZG77USZ2DvW1GDdc6qEYTRcThl)

[10-categories]: https://www.facebook.com/photo/?fbid=629516462734333&set=a.136592408693410
[nagrody-2025]: https://www.facebook.com/PrimeTimeWrestlingPL/posts/pfbid0J34GtYs1zUAevsuNUqZdftAXKrYMjfcLaEVku5Bwc3zjx7S6Vy9yHd3oiMCmz6mbl
