+++
title = "MCW Show #1"
template = "event_page.html"
authors = ["M3n747"]
[taxonomies]
chronology = ["mcw"]
[extra]
city = "Siemianowice Śląskie"
toclevel = 2
[extra.gallery.1]
path = "2018-12-08-mcw-show-plakat.jpg"
caption = "Official poster. Pictured from left to right are: Diana, [Johny Vegas](@/w/johny-vegas.md), [RAV](@/w/rav.md)."
source = "Johny Vegas"
+++

In December 2018 MCW began cooperation with Sekcja Sportów Siłowych (_Strength Sports Section_) from Siemianowice Śląskie, thus getting an opportunity to put together a show in front of around 200 people. The event was held in a gym hall of a {{ map_pin(v="Zespół Szkół Ogólnokształcących i Zawodowych") }}local school.

No official card or results are available for this event. The card and information given below are based on the photos from the show and a conversation with Johny Vegas.

## Card

{% card() %}
- - 'Terror'
  - '[David Sirch](@/w/sinister.md)'
- - '[Johny Vegas](@/w/johny-vegas.md)'
  - 'Terror'
  - '[RAV](@/w/rav.md)'
  - s: Tritple Threat Match
{% end %}

### Recap

* The first fight was a singles match between Terror and David Sirch.
* After the match, Terror challenge everyone to a fight. Johny Vegas answered and cut a promo. Shortly afterwards RAV entered the ring as well, making the fight a Triple Threat Match.
* Johny Vegas won the fight after hitting RAV with a Vice Vegas.
* After the match, Terror attemted to attack Diana, MCW's manager and ring announcer, but RAV countered his move into a hurricanrana, throwing Terror out of the ring.
* The event ended with Terror hitting Vegas with a steel chair and leaving the arena.

## References

* [Entry and photos on the official MCW Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/minecitywrestling/posts/pfbid0q7kBtG6LBat5ecqDqCqQsxGHtrvk9vEhc44FvBcwSwTSPfJJcUkbhjrjYzZt8tK3l)
