content/e/wwe/2026-01-17-wwe-road-to-royal-rumble.md, before:

+++
title = "WWE Road to Royal Rumble"
template = "event_page.html"
authors = ["M3n747", "Szymon Iwulski"]
[taxonomies]
chronology = ["international", "wwe"]
venue = ["ergo-arena"]
[extra]
city = ["Gdańsk", "Sopot"]
toclevel = 2
[extra.gallery]
1 = { path = "2026-01-17-wwe-road-to-royal-rumble.jpg", caption = "Graphic announcing the tour dates.", source = "WWE.com" }
2 = { path = "wwe-registration.webp", caption = "Registration form.", source = "WWE.com" }
+++

Road to Royal Rumble will be a 2026 European tour by [WWE](@/o/wwe.md), consisting of 11 shows in Germany, Scotland, Denmark, England, Northern Ireland and Poland. The Polish show is set to take place in [Ergo Arena](@/v/ergo-arena.md), at the border between Gdańsk and Sopot. It will be the first WWE show in the Tricity area since [2012](@/e/wwe/2012-04-12-wwe-raw-house-show.md), and the first one in Poland overall since [2015](@/e/wwe/2015-04-15-wwe-live.md).

## Build-up

* On 16.10.2025 Live Nation Polska, Ticketmaster Polska and Ergo Arena created a joint [Facebook event][fb-event] for the show. The description stated that tickets pre-sale would begin on 29.10 (for people registered on WWE.com) and 30.10 (via Ticketmaster), whereas the general sale would open on 31.10 (all three dates on 10:00 AM). Ticket prices weren't made known, but the Ticketmaster mobile application made mention of VIP tickets, suggesting at least two categories.
* While no details were given with regards to the card, the post said that fans would have a chance to see such stars as Cody Rhodes, Seth Rollins, Tiffany Stratton, Jey Uso, Rhea Ripley, LA Knight, Drew McIntyre, Jacob Fatu and more\* (\*list of participants subject to change). Orton, Punk and Rhodes were present at some of the past shows, whereas for the rest it'd be their Polish debut.
* The card was made available on 22.11.2025, though some errors were easy to be spotted. Cody Rhodes has been erronuously announced as World Heavyweight Champion instead of WWE Undisputed Champion. Becky Lynch was announced as Women's Intercontinental Champion despite Maxxine Dupri holding the title at the time.
* Among other talent officially announced were: Jey Uso, Women’s World Champion Stephanie Vaquer, Women’s Intercontinental Champion [_sic_] Becky Lynch, LA Knight, Finn Balor (who would be making his return to Poland), WWE Women’s Tag Team Champions The Kabuki Warriors (Asuka & Kairi Sane), Charlotte Flair and Alexa Bliss.

## Predicted card

{% card(predicted=true) %}
- - Cody Rhodes (c)
  - Drew McIntyre
  - c: WWE World Heavyweight Championship [_sic_]
    nc: upcoming
- - Jade Cargill (c)
  - Tiffany Stratton
  - c: WWE Women’s Championship Match
    nc: upcoming
- - CM Punk (c)
  - Bronson Reed w/ Bron Breakker
  - c: WWE World Heavyweight Championship
    nc: upcoming
{% end %}

## References

* [Cagematch event page](https://www.cagematch.net/?id=1&nr=434489)
* [Announcement on WWE.com](https://www.wwe.com/event/road-to-royal-rumble-5)
* [Event card as per LiveNation](https://www.facebook.com/reel/2076026209880438)

[fb-event]: https://www.facebook.com/events/1378162937301722/

Commit message:

RTRR: Mention the Polish shows.

content/e/wwe/2026-01-17-wwe-road-to-royal-rumble.md, after:

+++
title = "WWE Road to Royal Rumble"
template = "event_page.html"
authors = ["M3n747", "Szymon Iwulski"]
[taxonomies]
chronology = ["international", "wwe"]
venue = ["ergo-arena"]
[extra]
city = ["Gdańsk", "Sopot"]
toclevel = 2
[extra.gallery]
1 = { path = "2026-01-17-wwe-road-to-royal-rumble.jpg", caption = "Graphic announcing the tour dates.", source = "WWE.com" }
2 = { path = "wwe-registration.webp", caption = "Registration form.", source = "WWE.com" }
+++

Road to Royal Rumble will be a 2026 European tour by [WWE](@/o/wwe.md), consisting of 11 shows in Germany, Scotland, Denmark, England, Northern Ireland and Poland. The Polish show is set to take place in [Ergo Arena](@/v/ergo-arena.md), at the border between Gdańsk and Sopot. It will be the first WWE show in the Tricity area since [2012](@/e/wwe/2012-04-12-wwe-raw-house-show.md), and the first one in Poland overall since [2015](@/e/wwe/2015-04-15-wwe-live.md).

Independently, but driven by the bigger show's influence and fan interest, two Polish federations are holding shows one day before, on Friday January 16th. The local [KPW](@/o/kpw.md) is holding [Made In Poland](@/e/kpw/2026-01-16-made-in-poland.md), and Warsaw-based [PpW](@/o/ppw.md) is coming to Gdynia with [Najlepsza Gala w Mieście](@/e/ppw/2026-01-16-ppw-najlepsza-gala-w-miescie-hardcore-edition.md), with a mere 10 minutes walk between the two venues.

## Build-up

* On 16.10.2025 Live Nation Polska, Ticketmaster Polska and Ergo Arena created a joint [Facebook event][fb-event] for the show. The description stated that tickets pre-sale would begin on 29.10 (for people registered on WWE.com) and 30.10 (via Ticketmaster), whereas the general sale would open on 31.10 (all three dates on 10:00 AM). Ticket prices weren't made known, but the Ticketmaster mobile application made mention of VIP tickets, suggesting at least two categories.
* While no details were given with regards to the card, the post said that fans would have a chance to see such stars as Cody Rhodes, Seth Rollins, Tiffany Stratton, Jey Uso, Rhea Ripley, LA Knight, Drew McIntyre, Jacob Fatu and more\* (\*list of participants subject to change). Orton, Punk and Rhodes were present at some of the past shows, whereas for the rest it'd be their Polish debut.
* The card was made available on 22.11.2025, though some errors were easy to be spotted. Cody Rhodes has been erronuously announced as World Heavyweight Champion instead of WWE Undisputed Champion. Becky Lynch was announced as Women's Intercontinental Champion despite Maxxine Dupri holding the title at the time.
* Among other talent officially announced were: Jey Uso, Women’s World Champion Stephanie Vaquer, Women’s Intercontinental Champion [_sic_] Becky Lynch, LA Knight, Finn Balor (who would be making his return to Poland), WWE Women’s Tag Team Champions The Kabuki Warriors (Asuka & Kairi Sane), Charlotte Flair and Alexa Bliss.

## Predicted card

{% card(predicted=true) %}
- - Cody Rhodes (c)
  - Drew McIntyre
  - c: WWE World Heavyweight Championship [_sic_]
    nc: upcoming
- - Jade Cargill (c)
  - Tiffany Stratton
  - c: WWE Women’s Championship Match
    nc: upcoming
- - CM Punk (c)
  - Bronson Reed w/ Bron Breakker
  - c: WWE World Heavyweight Championship
    nc: upcoming
{% end %}

## References

* [Cagematch event page](https://www.cagematch.net/?id=1&nr=434489)
* [Announcement on WWE.com](https://www.wwe.com/event/road-to-royal-rumble-5)
* [Event card as per LiveNation](https://www.facebook.com/reel/2076026209880438)

[fb-event]: https://www.facebook.com/events/1378162937301722/
