content/o/kpw.md, before:

+++
title = "Kombat Pro Wrestling"
weight = 1
authors = ["Krzysztof Zych"]
template = "org_page.html"
[extra]
toclevel = 3
[taxonomies]
chrono_root = ["kpw"]
[extra.gallery.1]
path = "white-eagle-wrestling.jpg"
caption = "Screenshot from a video by [Piękny Kawaler](@/w/piekny-kawaler.md) showing the mock-up logo for the rejected White Eagle Wrestling name."
source = "Official KPW YouTube channel"
[extra.gallery.2]
path = "pamiatkowe-zdjecie-ze-smokiem-znad-morza.webp"
caption = "Photo from a training session. Wearing a black shirt with a red dragon is [Adam Wong](@/w/adam-wong.md), formerly of [PpW Ewenement Wrestling](@/o/ppw.md)."
source = "Official KPW Facebook"
+++

## History

### 2015: The end of DDW

Kombat Pro Wrestling officially launched on the 1st of October 2015, after the founder of [DDW](@/o/ddw.md), [Don Roid](@/w/don-roid.md), closed down his organization.
At the end of 2014, DDW's operations moved from Rzeszów, where Roid lived with his family, to Gdańsk.
The two cities are more than 600&nbsp;km apart, and the team in Gdańsk began to run things without Roid's input. Finally, he sold the ring, closed DDW and retired from wrestling entirely.

That team, consisting of several DDW alumni, bought the ring and - after some deliberations regarding the name, with "White Eagle Wrestling" also being considered - relaunched themselves as Kombat Pro Wrestling. Their first event, [KPW vs the World](@/e/kpw/2015-11-14-kpw-vs-the-world-hungary-for-kombat.md), was held in the exact same venue as [DDW's final event proper](@/e/ddw/2015-05-02-ddw-house-show-2.md) (not counting their [appearance at a convention](@/e/ddw/2015-07-24-ddw-baltikon.md) two months later). Thus KPW is the direct descendant of Do Or Die Wrestling.

In 2016 they would relocate to Gdynia, holding their shows in a recently reopened [music club](@/v/atlantic-nh-gdynia.md). That year, KPW held the first [Godzina Zero](@/e/kpw/2016-08-13-kpw-godzina-zero-2016.md), which would later become their annual supershow, where all championships were defended. 2017 saw them move to a bigger venue in [Gdyńskie Centrum Sportu](@/v/gdynskie-centrum-sportu.md), securing support from the city.

### 2020: COVID and losing talent to PTW

In 2020 the COVID-19 pandemic hit, and Poland implemented severe restrictions. This caused KPW to go on an 18-month hiatus between [February 2020](@/e/kpw/2020-02-01-kpw-arena-16.md) and [August 2021](@/e/kpw/2021-08-21-kpw-arena-17.md), during which their future was uncertain. 2022 saw them resume regular shows, moving back to a [previous venue](@/v/atlantic-nh-gdynia.md).

[Prime Time Wrestling](@/o/ptw.md) launched in 2021, headed by the controversial [Arkadiusz Pawłowski](@/w/pan-pawlowski.md).
Pawłowski was also part of the team of DDW veterans that founded KPW, and later served as their host and ring announcer until [2019](@/e/kpw/2019-06-15-kpw-arena-14.md).
During and after the hiatus KPW lost several of their headliners who chose to join the new organization: [Robert Star](@/w/robert-star.md), [Peter Pannache](@/w/peter-pannache.md), [Sawicki](@/w/sawicki.md) and [Gracjan Korpo](@/w/gracjan-korpo.md), as well as the newcomer [Diana](@/w/diana-strong.md).

### 2023: TV deal and FightBox

During the opening moments of [Arena 23](@/e/kpw/2023-11-24-kpw-arena-23.md), Chairman Malinowski announced that from this moment on KPW's events would be broadcast on cable TV, on an MMA and wrestling-focused channel FightBox. This was finally realized in April 2024, when FightBox aired Arena 23. On April 2, 2024 [Piękny Kawaler](@/w/piekny-kawaler.md), KPW's owner, booker and head trainer, posted [a photo of himself][kawaler-watching-tv] watching the event on TV, captioning it "the day has come". According to his replies under that post, KPW supplied FightBox with two versions: one with Polish commentary track and one without, so that an English commentary could be recorded for broadcast outside of Poland. The version aired by FightBox in April 2024 had no commentary.

### 2024: Extreme Sports

In 2024 the organization continued to hold successful events, often selling out their usual venue [Nowy Harem](@/v/atlantic-nh-gdynia.md). 
That year's [Godzina Zero](@/e/kpw/2024-09-07-kpw-godzina-zero-2024.md) show was, unusually, held in a school gymnastics hall instead, trading the club for a bigger venue. It also returned to a Saturday date.

{% inline_fig(path="kpw_roster_gz2024.webp") %}
Promo shot posted by KPW after [Godzina Zero 2024](@/e/kpw/2024-09-07-kpw-godzina-zero-2024.md) on Facebook, used as their cover image.

Back row: Flexos with a German flag, then [Leon Lato](@/w/leon-lato.md) and [Chairman Malinowski](@/w/krystian-malinowski.md) with a Polish flag.
Next to him are members of the Gregorian Branch: [Chemik](@/w/chemik.md), [Greg](@/w/greg.md) and [Eryk Lesak](@/w/eryk-lesak.md).
To their right are [Zefir](@/w/zefir.md) and [Piękny Kawaler](@/w/piekny-kawaler.md).

Middle row: [Hans Schulte](@/w/hans-schulte.md), [David Oliwa](@/w/david-oliwa.md), Jack Jester presumably with a Scottish flag, then
[Michał](@/w/michal-fux.md) and [Filip Fux](@/w/filip-fux.md), then [Rosetti](@/w/rosetti.md).

In the front row: Reece Alexios with a Greek flag, Carlos Zamora with a Spanish one, ring announcer [Kinga Miotke](@/w/kinga-miotke.md). \
[Red Scorpion](@/w/red-scorpion.md) with the [KPW Championship](@/c/kpw-championship.md) belt and an Italian flag stands in the middle. \
Next, holding an English flag is "Multiversal" Alexander Roth, standing next to his tag-team partner "Big Wavy" Roy Johnson.
Finally, [Darius](@/w/darius.md) is holding an Iranian flag, followed by [Referee Krystian Czekaj](@/w/krystian-czekaj.md) and [Ron Corvus](@/w/ron-corvus.md) with a Hungarian flag.

Source: Facebook @kpwrestling.
{% end %}

On 18.11.2024 KPW [announced][kpw-on-extreme] a deal with Extreme Sports Channel. The TV station would air KPW shows beginning with [Arena 23](@/e/kpw/2023-11-24-kpw-arena-23.md) which, unlike its counterpart on FightBox, was shown with a commentary by [Krystian Czekaj](@/w/krystian-czekaj.md). The events shown on television were considerably cut down: the running times were only around 1:30&nbsp;h for Arenas and 2:30&nbsp;h for [Godzina Zero 2024](@/e/kpw/2024-09-07-kpw-godzina-zero-2024.md). As a result many of the promos and other non-wrestling segments were shortened or even omitted entirely.

### 2025: 10th anniversary

2025 saw KPW increase the number of their shows: instead of the usual three Arenas between Godzina Zero events, there were now four Arenas in addition to two extra events - a [show in Kadzidło](@/e/kpw/2025-09-06-kpw-kadzidlo.md) and [Talon Smackdown](@/e/kpw/2025-09-13-kpw-talon-smackdown.md), held in an American military base.

On 28.04.2025 KPW [announced][kombat-tv] that their old YouTube programme, Kombat TV, would make a return in a new format, airing twice a month on Extreme Sports Channel. Six months later, on 23.10.2025, [Krystian Malinowski](@/w/krystian-malinowski.md) [announced][malinowski-xxx] that the first Kombat TV episodes would be uploaded to the promotion's YouTube channel.

On 14.11.2025 KPW held [Arena XXX](@/e/kpw/2025-11-14-kpw-arena-xxx.md) - a show celebrating the 10th anniversary of the promotion.

## Foreign relations

KPW regularly invites talent from the European independent scene to their events, especially the yearly supershow Godzina Zero. Initially they invited wrestlers from Hungary, with whom DDW had had good relations. Later, most of the talent came from Germany and Austria. Several wrestlers from the British scene also appeared on KPW's shows. The hottest guest appearance among them were Primate and Wild Boar, by that time a tag team seen in NXT UK, and Mark Haskins, a veteran of the British scene. KPW's own wrestlers occassionally appeared abroad, mostly in Austria and Germany. KPW does not try to draw attendance by relying on foreign stars and, with [only](@/e/kpw/2018-07-14-kpw-oldtown-3.md) [a](@/e/kpw/2018-08-11-kpw-godzina-zero-2018.md) [few](@/e/kpw/2021-08-21-kpw-arena-17.md) [rare](@/e/kpw/2022-06-18-kpw-pyrkon-2022.md) [exceptions](@/e/kpw/2024-11-15-kpw-arena-26.md), almost always puts them against their own talent.

## Polish wrestling scene

For a long time KPW did not participate in the Polish wrestling scene; they didn't share people with other organizations, nor did they invite other Polish performers to their shows. It is speculated that this approach was inherited from Don Roid's way of running DDW, although there was no Polish scene back then. Some Polish-speaking characters did appear on their shows, but all of them were wrestlers of some Polish ancestry performing abroad, such as [Ron Corvus](@/w/ron-corvus.md) or [Fynn Freyhart](@/w/fynn-freyhart.md).

This slowly started to change nearly a decade after the federation's inception. On 14.10.2024 [Legacy of Wrestling](@/o/low.md) [announced][low-fux] that [Filip Fux](@/w/filip-fux.md) would make an appearance at their [first show](@/e/low/2024-12-01-low-1.md) in a fight with [Marco Hammers](@/w/marco-hammers.md). This was followed on 2.11.2024 by a message from [Chemik](@/w/chemik.md), who issued an open challenge for the [KPW OldTown Championship](@/c/kpw-old-town-championship.md) at Legacy. This marked the first time KPW wrestlers were allowed to compete in another Polish federation.

In mid-2024 [Adam Wong](@/w/adam-wong.md) from [PpW Ewenement Wrestling](@/o/ppw.md) was seen attending trainings in KPW's wrestling school, and later working as a ring crew member at their shows. In January 2025 KPW posted a photo from a training weekend with Wong clearly visible.

Present at [Arena 27](@/e/kpw/2025-01-24-kpw-arena-27.md) was [Arek Paterek](@/w/arek-paterek.md), sitting in the front row in a [Legacy of Wrestling](@/o/low.md) T-shirt. When the show aired on Extreme Sports Channel, the camera showed him arguing with [Chemik](@/w/chemik.md), and the commentary clearly mentioned Legacy.

The Polish Internet wrestling community reported one incident when fans wearing T-shirts of another Polish organization (specifically PTW) were asked by security to either remove them or wear them inside-out, so as not to show PTW's logo on their own video streaming. They had no issue with merchandise of international provenance, such as AEW or nWo T-shirts.

## Championships

As of 2024, KPW has one tag team championship and two singles championships. The main title, [KPW Championship](@/c/kpw-championship.md), was created in 2016 and won at the [first Godzina Zero](@/e/kpw/2016-08-13-kpw-godzina-zero-2016.md) event. [KPW OldTown Championship](@/c/kpw-old-town-championship.md) was created and won at the [OldTown Festival 2017](@/e/kpw/2017-07-23-kpw-oldtown-2.md), which was a post-apocalyptic themed LARP event to which KPW was invited to perform. This belt had an unique look befitting its origin, until [2023](@/e/kpw/2023-11-24-kpw-arena-23.md) when it was replaced with a more conventional style belt.

The [Tag Team Championship](@/c/kpw-tag-team-championship.md) was created in 2018 and the first champions crowned in 2018, at [Arena 11](@/e/kpw/2018-11-03-kpw-arena-11.md).

{% championship() %}
- - '[KPW Championship](@/c/kpw-championship.md)'
  - 'Vacant'
  - >
    [Krystian Malinowski](@/w/krystian-malinowski.md) stripped [Zefir](@/w/zefir.md) of his title and fired him from KPW for the alleged attack on his person at [Arena 26](@/e/kpw/2024-11-15-kpw-arena-26.md)
- - '[KPW OldTown Championship](@/c/kpw-old-town-championship.md)'
  - '[Leon Lato](@/w/leon-lato.md)'
  - >
    Defeated [Chemik](@/w/chemik.md) at [Godzina Zero 2025](@/e/kpw/2025-08-22-kpw-godzina-zero-2025.md)
- - '[KPW Tag Team Championship](@/c/kpw-tag-team-championship.md)'
  - '[Team Visegrad](@/tt/team-visegrad.md): [David Oliwa](@/w/david-oliwa.md), [Ricky Sky](@/w/ricky-sky.md)'
  - >
    Defeated [Bracia Fux](@/tt/bracia-fux.md) ([Filip Fux](@/w/filip-fux.md), [Michał Fux](@/w/michal-fux.md)) at [Godzina Zero 2025](@/e/kpw/2025-08-22-kpw-godzina-zero-2025.md)
{% end %}

## Internet presence

* [Official website](https://www.kpwrestling.pl)
* Facebook: [KPWrestling](https://www.facebook.com/kpwrestling)
* Instagram: [kpwrestlingpl](https://www.instagram.com/kpwrestlingpl)
* YouTube: [KombatProWrestling](https://www.youtube.com/@KombatProWrestling)

## References

* [KPW on CageMatch](https://www.cagematch.net/?id=8&nr=1747)
* [Video: Top 10 moments of KPW](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NeyUetRatMU) by What Is Wrestling
* Detailed [KPW champions list](https://pl.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedysta:M3n747/brudnopis/mistrzowiekpw) on Wikipedia (in Polish)
* [10 behind-the-scenes interesting facts about KPW](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sb831M7cs4I), a video by [Piękny Kawaler](@/w/piekny-kawaler.md) mentioning White Eagle Wrestling (in Polish)
* [Video: Kombat Pro Wrestling - otwarcie!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fxnAFf-xUkM) (in Polish)

[kawaler-watching-tv]:https://www.facebook.com/kawalerwrestling/posts/pfbid028kdGNo5vEVnSscGnsCzUr9spHsX14gPKk3ocJ7ogMSnnqPh2cxWsuCfMAUyrGdbyl
[low-fux]:https://www.facebook.com/photo/?fbid=122119129010468820&set=pb.61564064601704.-2207520000
[kpw-on-extreme]:https://www.facebook.com/kpwrestling/posts/pfbid0YGB2msLrahPdbVHb9YfF7YeXqQLacmtHD5c3Swuk4KzK4qFatZhkTsDLtvR5DSYDl
[kombat-tv]: https://www.facebook.com/photo/?fbid=1003326585259914&set=a.517136233878954
[malinowski-xxx]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_wDJOaQ6d0s

Commit message:

Filip Fux vs Tony Sheen

content/o/kpw.md, after:

+++
title = "Kombat Pro Wrestling"
weight = 1
authors = ["Krzysztof Zych"]
template = "org_page.html"
[extra]
toclevel = 3
[taxonomies]
chrono_root = ["kpw"]
[extra.gallery.1]
path = "white-eagle-wrestling.jpg"
caption = "Screenshot from a video by [Piękny Kawaler](@/w/piekny-kawaler.md) showing the mock-up logo for the rejected White Eagle Wrestling name."
source = "Official KPW YouTube channel"
[extra.gallery.2]
path = "pamiatkowe-zdjecie-ze-smokiem-znad-morza.webp"
caption = "Photo from a training session. Wearing a black shirt with a red dragon is [Adam Wong](@/w/adam-wong.md), formerly of [PpW Ewenement Wrestling](@/o/ppw.md)."
source = "Official KPW Facebook"
+++

## History

### 2015: The end of DDW

Kombat Pro Wrestling officially launched on the 1st of October 2015, after the founder of [DDW](@/o/ddw.md), [Don Roid](@/w/don-roid.md), closed down his organization.
At the end of 2014, DDW's operations moved from Rzeszów, where Roid lived with his family, to Gdańsk.
The two cities are more than 600&nbsp;km apart, and the team in Gdańsk began to run things without Roid's input. Finally, he sold the ring, closed DDW and retired from wrestling entirely.

That team, consisting of several DDW alumni, bought the ring and - after some deliberations regarding the name, with "White Eagle Wrestling" also being considered - relaunched themselves as Kombat Pro Wrestling. Their first event, [KPW vs the World](@/e/kpw/2015-11-14-kpw-vs-the-world-hungary-for-kombat.md), was held in the exact same venue as [DDW's final event proper](@/e/ddw/2015-05-02-ddw-house-show-2.md) (not counting their [appearance at a convention](@/e/ddw/2015-07-24-ddw-baltikon.md) two months later). Thus KPW is the direct descendant of Do Or Die Wrestling.

In 2016 they would relocate to Gdynia, holding their shows in a recently reopened [music club](@/v/atlantic-nh-gdynia.md). That year, KPW held the first [Godzina Zero](@/e/kpw/2016-08-13-kpw-godzina-zero-2016.md), which would later become their annual supershow, where all championships were defended. 2017 saw them move to a bigger venue in [Gdyńskie Centrum Sportu](@/v/gdynskie-centrum-sportu.md), securing support from the city.

### 2020: COVID and losing talent to PTW

In 2020 the COVID-19 pandemic hit, and Poland implemented severe restrictions. This caused KPW to go on an 18-month hiatus between [February 2020](@/e/kpw/2020-02-01-kpw-arena-16.md) and [August 2021](@/e/kpw/2021-08-21-kpw-arena-17.md), during which their future was uncertain. 2022 saw them resume regular shows, moving back to a [previous venue](@/v/atlantic-nh-gdynia.md).

[Prime Time Wrestling](@/o/ptw.md) launched in 2021, headed by the controversial [Arkadiusz Pawłowski](@/w/pan-pawlowski.md).
Pawłowski was also part of the team of DDW veterans that founded KPW, and later served as their host and ring announcer until [2019](@/e/kpw/2019-06-15-kpw-arena-14.md).
During and after the hiatus KPW lost several of their headliners who chose to join the new organization: [Robert Star](@/w/robert-star.md), [Peter Pannache](@/w/peter-pannache.md), [Sawicki](@/w/sawicki.md) and [Gracjan Korpo](@/w/gracjan-korpo.md), as well as the newcomer [Diana](@/w/diana-strong.md).

### 2023: TV deal and FightBox

During the opening moments of [Arena 23](@/e/kpw/2023-11-24-kpw-arena-23.md), Chairman Malinowski announced that from this moment on KPW's events would be broadcast on cable TV, on an MMA and wrestling-focused channel FightBox. This was finally realized in April 2024, when FightBox aired Arena 23. On April 2, 2024 [Piękny Kawaler](@/w/piekny-kawaler.md), KPW's owner, booker and head trainer, posted [a photo of himself][kawaler-watching-tv] watching the event on TV, captioning it "the day has come". According to his replies under that post, KPW supplied FightBox with two versions: one with Polish commentary track and one without, so that an English commentary could be recorded for broadcast outside of Poland. The version aired by FightBox in April 2024 had no commentary.

### 2024: Extreme Sports

In 2024 the organization continued to hold successful events, often selling out their usual venue [Nowy Harem](@/v/atlantic-nh-gdynia.md). 
That year's [Godzina Zero](@/e/kpw/2024-09-07-kpw-godzina-zero-2024.md) show was, unusually, held in a school gymnastics hall instead, trading the club for a bigger venue. It also returned to a Saturday date.

{% inline_fig(path="kpw_roster_gz2024.webp") %}
Promo shot posted by KPW after [Godzina Zero 2024](@/e/kpw/2024-09-07-kpw-godzina-zero-2024.md) on Facebook, used as their cover image.

Back row: Flexos with a German flag, then [Leon Lato](@/w/leon-lato.md) and [Chairman Malinowski](@/w/krystian-malinowski.md) with a Polish flag.
Next to him are members of the Gregorian Branch: [Chemik](@/w/chemik.md), [Greg](@/w/greg.md) and [Eryk Lesak](@/w/eryk-lesak.md).
To their right are [Zefir](@/w/zefir.md) and [Piękny Kawaler](@/w/piekny-kawaler.md).

Middle row: [Hans Schulte](@/w/hans-schulte.md), [David Oliwa](@/w/david-oliwa.md), Jack Jester presumably with a Scottish flag, then
[Michał](@/w/michal-fux.md) and [Filip Fux](@/w/filip-fux.md), then [Rosetti](@/w/rosetti.md).

In the front row: Reece Alexios with a Greek flag, Carlos Zamora with a Spanish one, ring announcer [Kinga Miotke](@/w/kinga-miotke.md). \
[Red Scorpion](@/w/red-scorpion.md) with the [KPW Championship](@/c/kpw-championship.md) belt and an Italian flag stands in the middle. \
Next, holding an English flag is "Multiversal" Alexander Roth, standing next to his tag-team partner "Big Wavy" Roy Johnson.
Finally, [Darius](@/w/darius.md) is holding an Iranian flag, followed by [Referee Krystian Czekaj](@/w/krystian-czekaj.md) and [Ron Corvus](@/w/ron-corvus.md) with a Hungarian flag.

Source: Facebook @kpwrestling.
{% end %}

On 18.11.2024 KPW [announced][kpw-on-extreme] a deal with Extreme Sports Channel. The TV station would air KPW shows beginning with [Arena 23](@/e/kpw/2023-11-24-kpw-arena-23.md) which, unlike its counterpart on FightBox, was shown with a commentary by [Krystian Czekaj](@/w/krystian-czekaj.md). The events shown on television were considerably cut down: the running times were only around 1:30&nbsp;h for Arenas and 2:30&nbsp;h for [Godzina Zero 2024](@/e/kpw/2024-09-07-kpw-godzina-zero-2024.md). As a result many of the promos and other non-wrestling segments were shortened or even omitted entirely.

### 2025: 10th anniversary

2025 saw KPW increase the number of their shows: instead of the usual three Arenas between Godzina Zero events, there were now four Arenas in addition to two extra events - a [show in Kadzidło](@/e/kpw/2025-09-06-kpw-kadzidlo.md) and [Talon Smackdown](@/e/kpw/2025-09-13-kpw-talon-smackdown.md), held in an American military base.

On 28.04.2025 KPW [announced][kombat-tv] that their old YouTube programme, Kombat TV, would make a return in a new format, airing twice a month on Extreme Sports Channel. Six months later, on 23.10.2025, [Krystian Malinowski](@/w/krystian-malinowski.md) [announced][malinowski-xxx] that the first Kombat TV episodes would be uploaded to the promotion's YouTube channel.

On 14.11.2025 KPW held [Arena XXX](@/e/kpw/2025-11-14-kpw-arena-xxx.md) - a show celebrating the 10th anniversary of the promotion.

## Foreign relations

KPW regularly invites talent from the European independent scene to their events, especially the yearly supershow Godzina Zero. Initially they invited wrestlers from Hungary, with whom DDW had had good relations. Later, most of the talent came from Germany and Austria. Several wrestlers from the British scene also appeared on KPW's shows. The hottest guest appearance among them were Primate and Wild Boar, by that time a tag team seen in NXT UK, and Mark Haskins, a veteran of the British scene. KPW's own wrestlers occassionally appeared abroad, mostly in Austria and Germany. KPW does not try to draw attendance by relying on foreign stars and, with [only](@/e/kpw/2018-07-14-kpw-oldtown-3.md) [a](@/e/kpw/2018-08-11-kpw-godzina-zero-2018.md) [few](@/e/kpw/2021-08-21-kpw-arena-17.md) [rare](@/e/kpw/2022-06-18-kpw-pyrkon-2022.md) [exceptions](@/e/kpw/2024-11-15-kpw-arena-26.md), almost always puts them against their own talent.

## Polish wrestling scene

For a long time KPW did not participate in the Polish wrestling scene; they didn't share people with other organizations, nor did they invite other Polish performers to their shows. It is speculated that this approach was inherited from Don Roid's way of running DDW, although there was no Polish scene back then. Some Polish-speaking characters did appear on their shows, but all of them were wrestlers of some Polish ancestry performing abroad, such as [Ron Corvus](@/w/ron-corvus.md) or [Fynn Freyhart](@/w/fynn-freyhart.md).

This slowly started to change nearly a decade after the federation's inception. On 14.10.2024 [Legacy of Wrestling](@/o/low.md) [announced][low-fux] that [Filip Fux](@/w/filip-fux.md) would make an appearance at their [first show](@/e/low/2024-12-01-low-1.md) in a fight with [Marco Hammers](@/w/marco-hammers.md). This was followed on 2.11.2024 by a message from [Chemik](@/w/chemik.md), who issued an open challenge for the [KPW OldTown Championship](@/c/kpw-old-town-championship.md) at Legacy. This marked the first time KPW wrestlers were allowed to compete in another Polish federation.

In mid-2024 [Adam Wong](@/w/adam-wong.md) from [PpW Ewenement Wrestling](@/o/ppw.md) was seen attending trainings in KPW's wrestling school, and later working as a ring crew member at their shows. In January 2025 KPW posted a photo from a training weekend with Wong clearly visible.

Present at [Arena 27](@/e/kpw/2025-01-24-kpw-arena-27.md) was [Arek Paterek](@/w/arek-paterek.md), sitting in the front row in a [Legacy of Wrestling](@/o/low.md) T-shirt. When the show aired on Extreme Sports Channel, the camera showed him arguing with [Chemik](@/w/chemik.md), and the commentary clearly mentioned Legacy.

The Polish Internet wrestling community reported one incident when fans wearing T-shirts of another Polish organization (specifically PTW) were asked by security to either remove them or wear them inside-out, so as not to show PTW's logo on their own video streaming. They had no issue with merchandise of international provenance, such as AEW or nWo T-shirts.

In January 2026 [Filip Fux](@/w/filip-fux.md) debuted for [PpW Ewenement Wrestling](@/o/ppw.md), in a pre-show match at [PpW Jednak Hardcore](@/e/ppw/2026-01-31-ppw-jednak-hardcore.md) against [MZW's](@/o/mzw.md) [Tony Sheen](@/w/riverman.md), thus becoming the first active KPW wrestler to fight in the PpW ring.

## Championships

As of 2024, KPW has one tag team championship and two singles championships. The main title, [KPW Championship](@/c/kpw-championship.md), was created in 2016 and won at the [first Godzina Zero](@/e/kpw/2016-08-13-kpw-godzina-zero-2016.md) event. [KPW OldTown Championship](@/c/kpw-old-town-championship.md) was created and won at the [OldTown Festival 2017](@/e/kpw/2017-07-23-kpw-oldtown-2.md), which was a post-apocalyptic themed LARP event to which KPW was invited to perform. This belt had an unique look befitting its origin, until [2023](@/e/kpw/2023-11-24-kpw-arena-23.md) when it was replaced with a more conventional style belt.

The [Tag Team Championship](@/c/kpw-tag-team-championship.md) was created in 2018 and the first champions crowned in 2018, at [Arena 11](@/e/kpw/2018-11-03-kpw-arena-11.md).

{% championship() %}
- - '[KPW Championship](@/c/kpw-championship.md)'
  - 'Vacant'
  - >
    [Krystian Malinowski](@/w/krystian-malinowski.md) stripped [Zefir](@/w/zefir.md) of his title and fired him from KPW for the alleged attack on his person at [Arena 26](@/e/kpw/2024-11-15-kpw-arena-26.md)
- - '[KPW OldTown Championship](@/c/kpw-old-town-championship.md)'
  - '[Leon Lato](@/w/leon-lato.md)'
  - >
    Defeated [Chemik](@/w/chemik.md) at [Godzina Zero 2025](@/e/kpw/2025-08-22-kpw-godzina-zero-2025.md)
- - '[KPW Tag Team Championship](@/c/kpw-tag-team-championship.md)'
  - '[Team Visegrad](@/tt/team-visegrad.md): [David Oliwa](@/w/david-oliwa.md), [Ricky Sky](@/w/ricky-sky.md)'
  - >
    Defeated [Bracia Fux](@/tt/bracia-fux.md) ([Filip Fux](@/w/filip-fux.md), [Michał Fux](@/w/michal-fux.md)) at [Godzina Zero 2025](@/e/kpw/2025-08-22-kpw-godzina-zero-2025.md)
{% end %}

## Internet presence

* [Official website](https://www.kpwrestling.pl)
* Facebook: [KPWrestling](https://www.facebook.com/kpwrestling)
* Instagram: [kpwrestlingpl](https://www.instagram.com/kpwrestlingpl)
* YouTube: [KombatProWrestling](https://www.youtube.com/@KombatProWrestling)

## References

* [KPW on CageMatch](https://www.cagematch.net/?id=8&nr=1747)
* [Video: Top 10 moments of KPW](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NeyUetRatMU) by What Is Wrestling
* Detailed [KPW champions list](https://pl.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedysta:M3n747/brudnopis/mistrzowiekpw) on Wikipedia (in Polish)
* [10 behind-the-scenes interesting facts about KPW](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sb831M7cs4I), a video by [Piękny Kawaler](@/w/piekny-kawaler.md) mentioning White Eagle Wrestling (in Polish)
* [Video: Kombat Pro Wrestling - otwarcie!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fxnAFf-xUkM) (in Polish)

[kawaler-watching-tv]:https://www.facebook.com/kawalerwrestling/posts/pfbid028kdGNo5vEVnSscGnsCzUr9spHsX14gPKk3ocJ7ogMSnnqPh2cxWsuCfMAUyrGdbyl
[low-fux]:https://www.facebook.com/photo/?fbid=122119129010468820&set=pb.61564064601704.-2207520000
[kpw-on-extreme]:https://www.facebook.com/kpwrestling/posts/pfbid0YGB2msLrahPdbVHb9YfF7YeXqQLacmtHD5c3Swuk4KzK4qFatZhkTsDLtvR5DSYDl
[kombat-tv]: https://www.facebook.com/photo/?fbid=1003326585259914&set=a.517136233878954
[malinowski-xxx]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_wDJOaQ6d0s
