content/o/ppw.md, before:

+++
title = "PpW Ewenement"
weight = 3
template = "org_page.html"
authors = ["Krzysztof Zych"]
[taxonomies]
chrono_root = ["ppw"]
[extra]
year_list_start = 2010
toclevel = 3
[extra.gallery]
manifest = "@/o/ppw-gallery.toml"
+++

PpW is a wrestling promotion from Warsaw. It styles itself as a fully independent, self-sufficient organization with no commercial affiliations.
Their wrestling style used to rely heavily on hardcore and deathmatches, but it has since been toned down and other styles of wrestling are prominently featured. However, no-DQ is assumed for most matches, and its main events are still often hardcore bouts. Only the rare Classic Wrestling Match stipulation prohibits any weapons and interventions. PpW is visibly inspired by ECW, both in wrestling style, frequent use of chairs, tables and other weapons, relying on local talent and in revolving around adult-themed storylines.

## Name

There was no canonical meaning of the PpW acronym, however recently it was repurposed to match "Piwo Przyjacielem Wrestlingu" (_Beer is Wrestling's Friend_).
The official name is just "PpW Ewenement". The word _ewenement_ means something unique, special and not easily replicated, and could be translated as "phenomenon" or "anomaly".

PpW initially used the terms "Hardcore Wrestling" or "Hybrid Wrestling", but began to use "Ewenement" in the late 2020. On 27.04.2022 they [introduced a new logo][ewenement-logo], which officially marks the beginning of "Ewenement Wrestling" as a part of the promotion's name.

## History

### 2010: The backyard years

PpW dates its origins back to 2010, when a group of teenage friends and classmates started emulating their favourite wrestlers. The original arena for their matches was a public playground, and later a common yard which gave the organization its first name: Polski Podwórkowy Wrestling (_Polish Yard Wrestling_ - note that backyards, in the Anglo-Saxon world defined as private enclosed outdoor areas behind terraced houses, are not common in Poland).
Until about 2014 the primary location was placed next to the intersection of Kuratowskiego and Arbuzowa streets in Warsaw. The name for this venue was [Placyk PPW](http://ppw-fandom.tpwres.pl/placyk-ppw), and it had no proper ring.

According to [Biesiad](@/w/biesiad.md), at the same time there was also Polski Szkolny Wrestling (_Polish School Wrestling_), where shoot-style fights between classmates were held in [their school](http://ppw-fandom.tpwres.pl/gubin), complete with a ranking of sorts. That class had significant overlap with the roster of PPW. Later this organization of sorts was renamed to PPW (the second P stands for Poszkolny or _After-School_), and later yet renamed to PPPW to distinguish the two. Ultimately, the two merged to create the current incarnation of PpW.

The group made some attempts to build a proper ring, despite having no money or experience. The first structure to be recognized as one was created out of discarded mattresses, rugs, tires, floor mats and other junk. Later, another one was built from wooden pallets and some metal pillars for the corners.

An actual ring, though undersized, was created in 2017, designed by [Rob Scaffold](@/w/rob-scaffold.md). The group pooled their money together and ordered the metal structure at a local welding shop. According to [Johnny Blade](@/w/johnny-blade.md), the craftsman was intrigued and amused at the project, and gave the group a significant discount because of that. It was used as the primary ring until 2023, when PpW purchased a full-sized professional ring. The old ring was then relegated to their wrestling school, although it still sees some use in smaller venues, like [2KOŁA](@/v/2kola.md).

Uniquely for the Polish wrestling scene, PpW shares no ancestry with other promotions, many of which can be traced back to [DDW](@/o/ddw.md).

### 2019: Going pro

Probably the first event that PpW held for an open audience (as opposed to just friends and insiders to the backyard scene) was 2019's [2Koła to my nie zarobimy](@/e/ppw/2019-12-07-ppw-2kola-to-my-nie-zarobimy.md), followed by [Brawl For The Puppies](@/e/ppw/2020-02-15-ppw-brawl-for-the-puppies.md).
The latter event began PpW's pro era. It was the first one to invite foreign guests, and PpW's wrestlers started receiving professional training: first from [Jacob Crane](@/w/jacob-crane.md) and later also by the invited guests who would hold training sessions.
After establishing themselves as a serious organization and building a network of contacts, PpW talent started appearing abroad: in Sweden, Austria and later Hungary.

2021 saw them invite several [MZW](@/o/mzw.md) wrestlers for a show held during a [craft beer festival](@/e/ppw/2021-07-30-ppw-poznan-supershow.md) in Poznań, with a [reprise](@/e/ppw/2023-11-24-ppw-piwo-przyjacielem-wrestlingu.md) two years later.
In 2023 PpW was recognized by Cagematch, and most of its events and wrestlers have been added to their database. WrestleMap features news about PpW since 2021.

In early December 2024, YouTube channel Newonce uploaded an [interview][newonce-pt-1] with some of the PpW talent, recorded around the time of [Co Za Noc](@/e/ppw/2024-10-26-ppw-co-za-noc.md) and in the same location. In it, [Mister Z](@/w/mister-z.md) recalled that he had damaged [Rob Scaffold's](@/w/rob-scaffold.md) spine by performing a Piledriver on him. This prompted Z to realise that the backyard iteration of PpW needed to be destroyed and rebuilt as a professional promotion in order for the group to be able to carry on.

### 2023: Prime Time Transfers, professional ring and expansion

In 2023, due to tensions in [PTW](@/o/ptw.md), a number of its wrestlers appeared on PpW shows, quitting their promotion openly and criticizing [its owner](@/w/pan-pawlowski.md) on social media. This further boosted PpW's image on the Polish scene as a place dedicated to the joy of wrestling and not commercial endeavors. Later, PpW named this event and the wrestlers "Prime Time Transfers". The first one to appear was [Rafi](@/w/rafi.md), followed by [Samson](@/w/samson.md), [Gabriel Queen](@/w/gabriel-queen.md) and later his tag team partner [Vic Golden](@/w/vic-golden.md).

Over the weekend of March 6-8 2024, PpW wrestlers [Biesiad Strong](@/w/biesiad.md), [Gustav Gryffin](@/w/gustav-gryffin.md) and [Mister Z](@/w/mister-z.md) posted stories on Instagram, which featured them in a ring that was slightly larger than PpW's regular one. Three days later, on March 11th, Mister Z, the kayfabe executive producer and booker and in real-life also the co-owner of PpW, posted a photo of himself and [Andrzej Supron](@/w/andrzej-supron.md) on Instagram. The photo showed them shaking hands and was captioned "Two [guys] happy that the deal went through. Thank you Mr Supron".
The involvement of Supron suggest that this may be the very same ring he [bought in 2010](@/o/tbw.md#2010-successful-events) for Total Blast Wrestling (and later lent to [WKSW](@/o/wksw.md)). Hashtags used in the post seem to confirm this. (Scroll down to the [gallery](./#gallery) to view screenshots of the stories mentioned.)

Over the course of 2024 and further into 2025, PpW increased the frequency of their shows, establishing three de-facto tiers:
 
* revamped _Hardcore Friday_ series set in [2Koła](@/v/2kola.md), with very limited crowd capacity (ca. 200 people), using the old, small ring; mostly for pushing storylines forward
* middle-sized events set in [Teatr Komuna](@/v/teatr-komuna.md), with larger, but still limited capacity (ca. 400 people); pushing major storylines forward
* major events, set in arenas larger than Komuna; featuring marquee matches and storyline pay-offs

On the 28th December 2024 PpW launched their [official subscription-based VOD][ppw-vod] with uncensored versions of their shows (including ones previously not available on YouTube), as well as exclusive bonus materials.

At the end of 2024, [PpW Ewenement](@/o/ppw.md) introduced a sponsorship deal with a Warsaw shooting range, PM Shooter. Unlike PpW's usual partners, the brand quickly got involved in storylines, further described in a [separate article](@/a/pm-shooter-saga.md).

In Autumn 2025 PpW began a tour of Poland, starting with [Wjazd Na Rewir](@/e/ppw/2025-10-24-ppw-wjazd-na-rewir.md) in Wrocław. At this show the promotion introduced the [PpW Tag Team Championship](@/c/ppw-tag-team-championship.md). The tour continued with [a show in Gdynia](@/e/ppw/2026-01-16-ppw-najlepsza-gala-w-miescie-hardcore-edition.md), held at the same time as [KPW Arena 31](@/e/kpw/2026-01-16-kpw-arena-31.md) and very close by.

## Lost lore

PpW used to have a Wikia page with detailed internal lore and history, including storied feuds, rankings, character backgrounds, past events and videos from the backyard era. This went defunct in 2023. The Internet Archive's Wayback Machine only had an [incomplete version](https://web.archive.org/web/20230422172700/https://ppwofficial.fandom.com/pl/wiki/PPW) available. Snippets could be found in cached results on Google when searching for certain related terms, but most of it was lost.

That wiki was located at `ppwofficial.fandom.com` (and `ppwofficial.wikia.com` earlier before the renaming).

### Restored!

In March 2024 it has been restored from a backup, in a text-only form, and can be found at [ppw-fandom.tpwres.pl](https://ppw-fandom.tpwres.pl/). It's preserved as-is, with no editing capability, using a basic Wikipedia-like template. While a part of Teczki, since both share a domain, it's treated as an archived publication, made available on the Internet once again.

## Botchamania

### Biesiad vs Osamu

During a match at [Ledwo Legalne II](@/e/ppw/2022-05-21-ppw-ledwo-legalne-ii.md) on May 21, 2022, [Biesiad Strong](@/w/biesiad.md) set [Osamu](@/w/osamu.md) on a table in the middle of the ring, and climbed on support beams outside the ring to perform a jump onto the opponent. He connected very lightly, landing on his legs instead, and the table failed to break, although one set of legs did collapse. This was featured in [Botchamania 455](https://youtu.be/eurthT-CbUg?t=485), at the 8:05 mark.

### Goblin vs MBM

The second botch to make it was the table spot from [Miasto Bezprawia](@/e/ppw/2024-02-10-ppw-miasto-bezprawia.md), from the El Paso Outlaw Match between [Goblin](@/w/goblin.md) and Belgian wrestler MBM.
With Goblin lying on a table, MBM climbed the second turnbuckle, put on a pink cowboy hat, straddled a toy hobby horse and jumped onto the table, which failed to break.
After the fight, both agreed to redo the spot, to the audience's great applause.
This failed spot, and the second attempt were featured in [Botchamania 489](https://youtu.be/lGThcHUL5g0?t=516), at the 8:36 mark.

### Critical 420 Ladder Match

PpW's third Botchamania entry was from [Ewenement Haze](@/e/ppw/2024-04-20-ppw-ewenement-haze.md). In the four-man ladder match, just after the opening sequence, Benny Bachhus accidentally grabs the trophy as he falls to the ground when his ladder was knocked. The faces then signal the referee to hang it up again and the match is restarted.
This was featured in [Botchamania 493](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2azqxchwafo&t=730s), at the 12:10 mark. In another botch, this time on Botchamania's end, this clip was labeled as "[Total Blast Wrestling](@/o/tbw.md)", with Maffew probably confusing it with PTW's [similarly-named event](@/e/ptw/2024-05-11-ptw-6.md).

## Foreign relations

Since going pro in 2019/2020, PpW invited foreign wrestlers to several of their shows, but never aimed for internationally recognized names. Guests from Czechia, Germany, Belgium, Austria, Sweden, Spain and even Israel performed on their shows, with Belgian [Steve Kuningas](@/w/steve-kuningas.md) even becoming [PpW Champion](@/c/ppw-championship.md) for over six months.
However, since the Prime Time Transfers era, PpW has enough roster members, and foreign guests have been more rare, and the last event to feature them in significant numbers was [Ewenement Haze](@/e/ppw/2024-04-20-ppw-ewenement-haze.md) in April 2024.

### Excursion to Japan

On 14.12.2025 PpW announced a [show](@/a/ppw-hardcore-friday-the-13th-tokyo.md) to be held in Japan, in cooperation with Big Japan Pro Wrestling and other local promotions. The show, called PpW Hardcore Friday the 13th 東京 (_Tokyo_), is set to take place on 13.03.2026 in a venue called "Tokyo Square in Itabashi". Coinciding with the announcement of the Tokyo show was the creation of a new Instagram account: [ppw_global][ppw-globalnie]. This event also saw the first match for the reactivated [PpW European Ultraviolent Championship](@/c/ppw-european-ultraviolent-championship.md), which had been vacated for over a year.

## Polish wrestling scene

In their backyard era, PpW were always well connected with the other non-professional organizations, and appearing on each other's events. The best documented example on hand is [DFW Anniversary](@/e/dfw/2017-09-30-dfw-anniversary.md), which featured three PpW wrestlers.

As of 2023, a [co-branded show](@/e/mzw/2023-09-23-mzw_ppw-zadnych-granic.md) with MZW started a new era of collaboration, in which PpW is the central hub, as the most active organization. 
After the wave of [PTW Exits](@/a/ptw-exits.md), many wrestlers chose to join their ranks, while also appearing in other organizations. In 2024, then PpW Champion Gustav Gryffin defended his title also in MZW and [Legacy](@/o/low.md).

According to [Jędruś Bułecka](@/w/jedrus-bulecka.md), multiple people from PpW and [DFW](@/o/dfw.md) trained with MZW. Under one condition: MZW insisted that wrestlers who wanted to work for them could not perform in backyards, but were not stopped from appearing in other pro federations. 

In January 2026 [Filip Fux](@/w/filip-fux.md) from [Kombat Pro Wrestling](@/o/kpw.md) became the first active KPW wrestler to fight in the PpW ring - at [Jednak Hardcore](@/e/ppw/2026-01-31-ppw-jednak-hardcore.md) he faced [Tony Sheen](@/w/riverman.md) in a pre-show match.

## In media

### Mainstream

On Sunday, Sep 29, 2024, breakfast TV programme "Halo tu Polsat" featured [a brief segment][halo-tu-ppw] with PpW's wrestlers [Biesiad](@/w/biesiad.md), [Jacob Crane](@/w/jacob-crane.md) and [Gustav Gryffin](@/w/gustav-gryffin.md). Gustav brought his custom [PpW Championship](@/c/ppw-championship.md) belt, which was prominently displayed on a coffee table, with PpW's logo clearly legible.
The hosts asked the wrestlers several questions, including about the nature of kayfabe and their roles and characters. Biesiad was portrayed as a pure fighter, while Gustav promoted himself as a man of culture and means, deserving the championship he carried. Crane was referred to mostly as "coach".
The segment ended with Gustav standing up and getting into Biesiad's face, at which point Biesiad removed his T-shirt and threw his opponent across the studio couch. They then ran out into the studio, brawled for a short while, while Crane was trying to separate them.
Finally, Biesiad managed to German suplex Gryffin on the studio floor, while the show host explained to the camera that it's all a show, and there's no need to be alarmed.

#### Got Talent

In 2026, PpW wrestlers Olgierd, Mister Z and Biesiad were featured in an episode of _Mam Talent!_ (Polish spin-off of the long-running _Got Talent_ format). Biesiad gives a short promo stating how he's aiming for the championship which he deserves, while Olgierd portrays his hard-headed hooligan character. Before the bell, Biesiad is seen running bare-chested through the general area with other contestants present. In their match Olgierd defended his [PpW Championship](@/c/ppw-championship.md) against Biesiad, with an intervention by Mister Z. The segment was received favourably by three of the four judges, with only Julia Wieniawa giving the team a thumbs down, stating she did not understand the concept and is against such portrayal of violence.

{% free_card() %}
- - '[Olgierd](@/w/olgierd.md) w/ [Mister Z](@/w/mister-z.md)'
  - '[Biesiad](@/w/biesiad.md)'
  - c: '[PpW Championship](@/c/ppw-championship.md)'
    en: 'Mam Talent Season 17 Episode 1'
    ed: '2026-02-21'
{% end %}

- Referee: [Sędzia Seweryn](@/w/sedzia-seweryn.md)
- Talent show judges: Agnieszka Chylińska, Marcin Prokop, Julia Wieniawa, Agustin Egurrola

Also present backstage were [Istotna Martynka](@/w/istotna-martynka.md), [Johnny Blade](@/w/johnny-blade.md) and [Michael HT](@/w/michael-ht.md), seen commenting on the match in brief camera cuts. The date refers to the episode's premiere on TVN, just several hours before [Trzeba Być](@/e/ppw/2026-02-21-ppw-trzeba-byc.md), where Michael HT made references to their appearance.

### Independent and other

In 2025 Bartosz Mateńko released a documentary short film titled "Bump". The short depicts PpW wrestlers in their daily lives, and their metamorphosis into seemingly indestructible fighters once they step into the ring and become their true selves. The documentary premiered on 28.10.2025 in {{ map_pin(v="Kinoteka") }}Kinoteka, two days before [Clash of the Creeps](@/e/ppw/2025-10-30-ppw_splat-clash-of-the-creeps.md).

## Championships

{% championship() %}
- - '[PpW Championship](@/c/ppw-championship.md)'
  - '[Olgierd](@/w/olgierd.md)'
  - >
    Defeated [Goblin](@/w/goblin.md) in a Chain God Realm Match at [Duch Świąt, Smak Krwi](@/e/ppw/2025-12-06-ppw-duch-swiat-smak-krwi.md).
- - '[PpW European Ultraviolent Championship](@/c/ppw-european-ultraviolent-championship.md)'
  - Vacant
  - >
    [Isnorr](@/w/isnorr.md) vacated the belt at [Ostatnia Prosta](@/e/ppw/2025-04-30-ppw-ostatnia-prosta.md) citing health issues.
- - '[PpW Tag Team Championship](@/c/ppw-tag-team-championship.md)'
  - Vacant
  - >
    Introduced, not yet awarded.
{% end %}

Back in the backyard years PpW promoted a great number of championships, which were retired long before PpW turned into a professional federation. These championships are not longer considered canon or referenced in current PpW programming. The same goes for PpW Championship which was created in that era, but does not share its history with the backyard period - meaning that the inaugural PpW Champion is [Mister Z](@/w/mister-z.md).

## Internet presence

* [Official website](https://ppw-ewenement.pl)
* Facebook: [OficjalnePPW](https://www.facebook.com/OficjalnePPW)
* Instagram: [ppw_hw](https://www.instagram.com/ppw_hw/) (domestic)
* Instagram: [ppw_global][ppw-globalnie] (international)
* YouTube: [OficjalnePPW](https://www.youtube.com/@OficjalnePPW)
* [Official VOD][ppw-vod]

## References

* [PpW on CageMatch](https://www.cagematch.net/?id=8&nr=3787)
* [Johnny Blade on the Istota Wrestlingu Podcast](https://youtu.be/izswvz2FG9s) shares a lot of info about the early days
* [Biesiad on the Istota Wrestlingu Podcast](https://youtu.be/_rlZyMKeLr4?si=VqgWdhh3G3MbI2jU&t=680) also with a lot of history
* [Istota Wrestlingu's podcast about the PTW Transfers](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=btcoER-IpQg), discusses going pro

[ppw-c]: @/c/ppw-championship.md
[ppw-uvc]: @/c/ppw-european-ultraviolent-championship.md
[halo-tu-ppw]: https://youtu.be/rbscVyOSjn0?si=Li0WYQoHiVM9V-Pe
[newonce-pt-1]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KT8PHRlnSxI
[ppw-vod]: https://ppw-ewenementpl.vhx.tv
[ewenement-logo]: https://www.facebook.com/photo/?fbid=2150678838439647&set=a.158941800946704
[ppw-globalnie]: https://www.instagram.com/ppw_global/

Commit message:

PpW w TVN (#2452)
* PpW w TVN

* Who is the champion?

* Can't use internal link in freecard block, this is a zola limitation

---------

Co-authored-by: Krzysztof Zych <k33rni@gmail.com>

content/o/ppw.md, after:

+++
title = "PpW Ewenement"
weight = 3
template = "org_page.html"
authors = ["Krzysztof Zych"]
[taxonomies]
chrono_root = ["ppw"]
[extra]
year_list_start = 2010
toclevel = 3
[extra.gallery]
manifest = "@/o/ppw-gallery.toml"
+++

PpW is a wrestling promotion from Warsaw. It styles itself as a fully independent, self-sufficient organization with no commercial affiliations.
Their wrestling style used to rely heavily on hardcore and deathmatches, but it has since been toned down and other styles of wrestling are prominently featured. However, no-DQ is assumed for most matches, and its main events are still often hardcore bouts. Only the rare Classic Wrestling Match stipulation prohibits any weapons and interventions. PpW is visibly inspired by ECW, both in wrestling style, frequent use of chairs, tables and other weapons, relying on local talent and in revolving around adult-themed storylines.

## Name

There was no canonical meaning of the PpW acronym, however recently it was repurposed to match "Piwo Przyjacielem Wrestlingu" (_Beer is Wrestling's Friend_).
The official name is just "PpW Ewenement". The word _ewenement_ means something unique, special and not easily replicated, and could be translated as "phenomenon" or "anomaly".

PpW initially used the terms "Hardcore Wrestling" or "Hybrid Wrestling", but began to use "Ewenement" in the late 2020. On 27.04.2022 they [introduced a new logo][ewenement-logo], which officially marks the beginning of "Ewenement Wrestling" as a part of the promotion's name.

## History

### 2010: The backyard years

PpW dates its origins back to 2010, when a group of teenage friends and classmates started emulating their favourite wrestlers. The original arena for their matches was a public playground, and later a common yard which gave the organization its first name: Polski Podwórkowy Wrestling (_Polish Yard Wrestling_ - note that backyards, in the Anglo-Saxon world defined as private enclosed outdoor areas behind terraced houses, are not common in Poland).
Until about 2014 the primary location was placed next to the intersection of Kuratowskiego and Arbuzowa streets in Warsaw. The name for this venue was [Placyk PPW](http://ppw-fandom.tpwres.pl/placyk-ppw), and it had no proper ring.

According to [Biesiad](@/w/biesiad.md), at the same time there was also Polski Szkolny Wrestling (_Polish School Wrestling_), where shoot-style fights between classmates were held in [their school](http://ppw-fandom.tpwres.pl/gubin), complete with a ranking of sorts. That class had significant overlap with the roster of PPW. Later this organization of sorts was renamed to PPW (the second P stands for Poszkolny or _After-School_), and later yet renamed to PPPW to distinguish the two. Ultimately, the two merged to create the current incarnation of PpW.

The group made some attempts to build a proper ring, despite having no money or experience. The first structure to be recognized as one was created out of discarded mattresses, rugs, tires, floor mats and other junk. Later, another one was built from wooden pallets and some metal pillars for the corners.

An actual ring, though undersized, was created in 2017, designed by [Rob Scaffold](@/w/rob-scaffold.md). The group pooled their money together and ordered the metal structure at a local welding shop. According to [Johnny Blade](@/w/johnny-blade.md), the craftsman was intrigued and amused at the project, and gave the group a significant discount because of that. It was used as the primary ring until 2023, when PpW purchased a full-sized professional ring. The old ring was then relegated to their wrestling school, although it still sees some use in smaller venues, like [2KOŁA](@/v/2kola.md).

Uniquely for the Polish wrestling scene, PpW shares no ancestry with other promotions, many of which can be traced back to [DDW](@/o/ddw.md).

### 2019: Going pro

Probably the first event that PpW held for an open audience (as opposed to just friends and insiders to the backyard scene) was 2019's [2Koła to my nie zarobimy](@/e/ppw/2019-12-07-ppw-2kola-to-my-nie-zarobimy.md), followed by [Brawl For The Puppies](@/e/ppw/2020-02-15-ppw-brawl-for-the-puppies.md).
The latter event began PpW's pro era. It was the first one to invite foreign guests, and PpW's wrestlers started receiving professional training: first from [Jacob Crane](@/w/jacob-crane.md) and later also by the invited guests who would hold training sessions.
After establishing themselves as a serious organization and building a network of contacts, PpW talent started appearing abroad: in Sweden, Austria and later Hungary.

2021 saw them invite several [MZW](@/o/mzw.md) wrestlers for a show held during a [craft beer festival](@/e/ppw/2021-07-30-ppw-poznan-supershow.md) in Poznań, with a [reprise](@/e/ppw/2023-11-24-ppw-piwo-przyjacielem-wrestlingu.md) two years later.
In 2023 PpW was recognized by Cagematch, and most of its events and wrestlers have been added to their database. WrestleMap features news about PpW since 2021.

In early December 2024, YouTube channel Newonce uploaded an [interview][newonce-pt-1] with some of the PpW talent, recorded around the time of [Co Za Noc](@/e/ppw/2024-10-26-ppw-co-za-noc.md) and in the same location. In it, [Mister Z](@/w/mister-z.md) recalled that he had damaged [Rob Scaffold's](@/w/rob-scaffold.md) spine by performing a Piledriver on him. This prompted Z to realise that the backyard iteration of PpW needed to be destroyed and rebuilt as a professional promotion in order for the group to be able to carry on.

### 2023: Prime Time Transfers, professional ring and expansion

In 2023, due to tensions in [PTW](@/o/ptw.md), a number of its wrestlers appeared on PpW shows, quitting their promotion openly and criticizing [its owner](@/w/pan-pawlowski.md) on social media. This further boosted PpW's image on the Polish scene as a place dedicated to the joy of wrestling and not commercial endeavors. Later, PpW named this event and the wrestlers "Prime Time Transfers". The first one to appear was [Rafi](@/w/rafi.md), followed by [Samson](@/w/samson.md), [Gabriel Queen](@/w/gabriel-queen.md) and later his tag team partner [Vic Golden](@/w/vic-golden.md).

Over the weekend of March 6-8 2024, PpW wrestlers [Biesiad Strong](@/w/biesiad.md), [Gustav Gryffin](@/w/gustav-gryffin.md) and [Mister Z](@/w/mister-z.md) posted stories on Instagram, which featured them in a ring that was slightly larger than PpW's regular one. Three days later, on March 11th, Mister Z, the kayfabe executive producer and booker and in real-life also the co-owner of PpW, posted a photo of himself and [Andrzej Supron](@/w/andrzej-supron.md) on Instagram. The photo showed them shaking hands and was captioned "Two [guys] happy that the deal went through. Thank you Mr Supron".
The involvement of Supron suggest that this may be the very same ring he [bought in 2010](@/o/tbw.md#2010-successful-events) for Total Blast Wrestling (and later lent to [WKSW](@/o/wksw.md)). Hashtags used in the post seem to confirm this. (Scroll down to the [gallery](./#gallery) to view screenshots of the stories mentioned.)

Over the course of 2024 and further into 2025, PpW increased the frequency of their shows, establishing three de-facto tiers:
 
* revamped _Hardcore Friday_ series set in [2Koła](@/v/2kola.md), with very limited crowd capacity (ca. 200 people), using the old, small ring; mostly for pushing storylines forward
* middle-sized events set in [Teatr Komuna](@/v/teatr-komuna.md), with larger, but still limited capacity (ca. 400 people); pushing major storylines forward
* major events, set in arenas larger than Komuna; featuring marquee matches and storyline pay-offs

On the 28th December 2024 PpW launched their [official subscription-based VOD][ppw-vod] with uncensored versions of their shows (including ones previously not available on YouTube), as well as exclusive bonus materials.

At the end of 2024, [PpW Ewenement](@/o/ppw.md) introduced a sponsorship deal with a Warsaw shooting range, PM Shooter. Unlike PpW's usual partners, the brand quickly got involved in storylines, further described in a [separate article](@/a/pm-shooter-saga.md).

In Autumn 2025 PpW began a tour of Poland, starting with [Wjazd Na Rewir](@/e/ppw/2025-10-24-ppw-wjazd-na-rewir.md) in Wrocław. At this show the promotion introduced the [PpW Tag Team Championship](@/c/ppw-tag-team-championship.md). The tour continued with [a show in Gdynia](@/e/ppw/2026-01-16-ppw-najlepsza-gala-w-miescie-hardcore-edition.md), held at the same time as [KPW Arena 31](@/e/kpw/2026-01-16-kpw-arena-31.md) and very close by.

## Lost lore

PpW used to have a Wikia page with detailed internal lore and history, including storied feuds, rankings, character backgrounds, past events and videos from the backyard era. This went defunct in 2023. The Internet Archive's Wayback Machine only had an [incomplete version](https://web.archive.org/web/20230422172700/https://ppwofficial.fandom.com/pl/wiki/PPW) available. Snippets could be found in cached results on Google when searching for certain related terms, but most of it was lost.

That wiki was located at `ppwofficial.fandom.com` (and `ppwofficial.wikia.com` earlier before the renaming).

### Restored!

In March 2024 it has been restored from a backup, in a text-only form, and can be found at [ppw-fandom.tpwres.pl](https://ppw-fandom.tpwres.pl/). It's preserved as-is, with no editing capability, using a basic Wikipedia-like template. While a part of Teczki, since both share a domain, it's treated as an archived publication, made available on the Internet once again.

## Botchamania

### Biesiad vs Osamu

During a match at [Ledwo Legalne II](@/e/ppw/2022-05-21-ppw-ledwo-legalne-ii.md) on May 21, 2022, [Biesiad Strong](@/w/biesiad.md) set [Osamu](@/w/osamu.md) on a table in the middle of the ring, and climbed on support beams outside the ring to perform a jump onto the opponent. He connected very lightly, landing on his legs instead, and the table failed to break, although one set of legs did collapse. This was featured in [Botchamania 455](https://youtu.be/eurthT-CbUg?t=485), at the 8:05 mark.

### Goblin vs MBM

The second botch to make it was the table spot from [Miasto Bezprawia](@/e/ppw/2024-02-10-ppw-miasto-bezprawia.md), from the El Paso Outlaw Match between [Goblin](@/w/goblin.md) and Belgian wrestler MBM.
With Goblin lying on a table, MBM climbed the second turnbuckle, put on a pink cowboy hat, straddled a toy hobby horse and jumped onto the table, which failed to break.
After the fight, both agreed to redo the spot, to the audience's great applause.
This failed spot, and the second attempt were featured in [Botchamania 489](https://youtu.be/lGThcHUL5g0?t=516), at the 8:36 mark.

### Critical 420 Ladder Match

PpW's third Botchamania entry was from [Ewenement Haze](@/e/ppw/2024-04-20-ppw-ewenement-haze.md). In the four-man ladder match, just after the opening sequence, Benny Bachhus accidentally grabs the trophy as he falls to the ground when his ladder was knocked. The faces then signal the referee to hang it up again and the match is restarted.
This was featured in [Botchamania 493](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2azqxchwafo&t=730s), at the 12:10 mark. In another botch, this time on Botchamania's end, this clip was labeled as "[Total Blast Wrestling](@/o/tbw.md)", with Maffew probably confusing it with PTW's [similarly-named event](@/e/ptw/2024-05-11-ptw-6.md).

## Foreign relations

Since going pro in 2019/2020, PpW invited foreign wrestlers to several of their shows, but never aimed for internationally recognized names. Guests from Czechia, Germany, Belgium, Austria, Sweden, Spain and even Israel performed on their shows, with Belgian [Steve Kuningas](@/w/steve-kuningas.md) even becoming [PpW Champion](@/c/ppw-championship.md) for over six months.
However, since the Prime Time Transfers era, PpW has enough roster members, and foreign guests have been more rare, and the last event to feature them in significant numbers was [Ewenement Haze](@/e/ppw/2024-04-20-ppw-ewenement-haze.md) in April 2024.

### Excursion to Japan

On 14.12.2025 PpW announced a [show](@/a/ppw-hardcore-friday-the-13th-tokyo.md) to be held in Japan, in cooperation with Big Japan Pro Wrestling and other local promotions. The show, called PpW Hardcore Friday the 13th 東京 (_Tokyo_), is set to take place on 13.03.2026 in a venue called "Tokyo Square in Itabashi". Coinciding with the announcement of the Tokyo show was the creation of a new Instagram account: [ppw_global][ppw-globalnie]. This event also saw the first match for the reactivated [PpW European Ultraviolent Championship](@/c/ppw-european-ultraviolent-championship.md), which had been vacated for over a year.

## Polish wrestling scene

In their backyard era, PpW were always well connected with the other non-professional organizations, and appearing on each other's events. The best documented example on hand is [DFW Anniversary](@/e/dfw/2017-09-30-dfw-anniversary.md), which featured three PpW wrestlers.

As of 2023, a [co-branded show](@/e/mzw/2023-09-23-mzw_ppw-zadnych-granic.md) with MZW started a new era of collaboration, in which PpW is the central hub, as the most active organization. 
After the wave of [PTW Exits](@/a/ptw-exits.md), many wrestlers chose to join their ranks, while also appearing in other organizations. In 2024, then PpW Champion Gustav Gryffin defended his title also in MZW and [Legacy](@/o/low.md).

According to [Jędruś Bułecka](@/w/jedrus-bulecka.md), multiple people from PpW and [DFW](@/o/dfw.md) trained with MZW. Under one condition: MZW insisted that wrestlers who wanted to work for them could not perform in backyards, but were not stopped from appearing in other pro federations. 

In January 2026 [Filip Fux](@/w/filip-fux.md) from [Kombat Pro Wrestling](@/o/kpw.md) became the first active KPW wrestler to fight in the PpW ring - at [Jednak Hardcore](@/e/ppw/2026-01-31-ppw-jednak-hardcore.md) he faced [Tony Sheen](@/w/riverman.md) in a pre-show match.

## In media

### Mainstream

On Sunday, Sep 29, 2024, breakfast TV programme "Halo tu Polsat" featured [a brief segment][halo-tu-ppw] with PpW's wrestlers [Biesiad](@/w/biesiad.md), [Jacob Crane](@/w/jacob-crane.md) and [Gustav Gryffin](@/w/gustav-gryffin.md). Gustav brought his custom [PpW Championship](@/c/ppw-championship.md) belt, which was prominently displayed on a coffee table, with PpW's logo clearly legible.
The hosts asked the wrestlers several questions, including about the nature of kayfabe and their roles and characters. Biesiad was portrayed as a pure fighter, while Gustav promoted himself as a man of culture and means, deserving the championship he carried. Crane was referred to mostly as "coach".
The segment ended with Gustav standing up and getting into Biesiad's face, at which point Biesiad removed his T-shirt and threw his opponent across the studio couch. They then ran out into the studio, brawled for a short while, while Crane was trying to separate them.
Finally, Biesiad managed to German suplex Gryffin on the studio floor, while the show host explained to the camera that it's all a show, and there's no need to be alarmed.

#### Got Talent

In 2026, PpW wrestlers Olgierd, Mister Z and Biesiad were featured in an episode of _Mam Talent!_ (Polish spin-off of the long-running _Got Talent_ format). Biesiad gives a short promo stating how he's aiming for the championship which he deserves, while Olgierd portrays his hard-headed hooligan character. Before the bell, Biesiad is seen running bare-chested through the general area with other contestants present. In their match Olgierd defended his [PpW Championship](@/c/ppw-championship.md) against Biesiad, with an intervention by Mister Z. The segment was received favourably by three of the four judges, with only Julia Wieniawa giving the team a thumbs down, stating she did not understand the concept and is against such portrayal of violence.

{% free_card() %}
- - '[Olgierd](@/w/olgierd.md)(c) w/ [Mister Z](@/w/mister-z.md)'
  - '[Biesiad](@/w/biesiad.md)'
  - c: '[PpW Championship](@/c/ppw-championship.md)'
    en: 'Mam Talent Season 17 Episode 1'
    ed: '2026-02-21'
{% end %}

- Referee: [Sędzia Seweryn](@/w/sedzia-seweryn.md)
- Talent show judges: Agnieszka Chylińska, Marcin Prokop, Julia Wieniawa, Agustin Egurrola

See link in the References section below for the video. Also present backstage were [Istotna Martynka](@/w/istotna-martynka.md), [Johnny Blade](@/w/johnny-blade.md) and [Michael HT](@/w/michael-ht.md), seen commenting on the match in brief camera cuts. The date refers to the episode's premiere on TVN, just several hours before [Trzeba Być](@/e/ppw/2026-02-21-ppw-trzeba-byc.md), where Michael HT made references to their appearance.

### Independent and other

In 2025 Bartosz Mateńko released a documentary short film titled "Bump". The short depicts PpW wrestlers in their daily lives, and their metamorphosis into seemingly indestructible fighters once they step into the ring and become their true selves. The documentary premiered on 28.10.2025 in {{ map_pin(v="Kinoteka") }}Kinoteka, two days before [Clash of the Creeps](@/e/ppw/2025-10-30-ppw_splat-clash-of-the-creeps.md).

## Championships

{% championship() %}
- - '[PpW Championship](@/c/ppw-championship.md)'
  - '[Olgierd](@/w/olgierd.md)'
  - >
    Defeated [Goblin](@/w/goblin.md) in a Chain God Realm Match at [Duch Świąt, Smak Krwi](@/e/ppw/2025-12-06-ppw-duch-swiat-smak-krwi.md).
- - '[PpW European Ultraviolent Championship](@/c/ppw-european-ultraviolent-championship.md)'
  - Vacant
  - >
    [Isnorr](@/w/isnorr.md) vacated the belt at [Ostatnia Prosta](@/e/ppw/2025-04-30-ppw-ostatnia-prosta.md) citing health issues.
- - '[PpW Tag Team Championship](@/c/ppw-tag-team-championship.md)'
  - Vacant
  - >
    Introduced, not yet awarded.
{% end %}

Back in the backyard years PpW promoted a great number of championships, which were retired long before PpW turned into a professional federation. These championships are not longer considered canon or referenced in current PpW programming. The same goes for PpW Championship which was created in that era, but does not share its history with the backyard period - meaning that the inaugural PpW Champion is [Mister Z](@/w/mister-z.md).

## Internet presence

* [Official website](https://ppw-ewenement.pl)
* Facebook: [OficjalnePPW](https://www.facebook.com/OficjalnePPW)
* Instagram: [ppw_hw](https://www.instagram.com/ppw_hw/) (domestic)
* Instagram: [ppw_global][ppw-globalnie] (international)
* YouTube: [OficjalnePPW](https://www.youtube.com/@OficjalnePPW)
* [Official VOD][ppw-vod]

## References

* [PpW on CageMatch](https://www.cagematch.net/?id=8&nr=3787)
* [Johnny Blade on the Istota Wrestlingu Podcast](https://youtu.be/izswvz2FG9s) shares a lot of info about the early days
* [Biesiad on the Istota Wrestlingu Podcast](https://youtu.be/_rlZyMKeLr4?si=VqgWdhh3G3MbI2jU&t=680) also with a lot of history
* [Istota Wrestlingu's podcast about the PTW Transfers](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=btcoER-IpQg), discusses going pro
* [Facebook video reel: PpW in Mam Talent][ppw-ma-talent]

[ppw-c]: @/c/ppw-championship.md
[ppw-uvc]: @/c/ppw-european-ultraviolent-championship.md
[halo-tu-ppw]: https://youtu.be/rbscVyOSjn0?si=Li0WYQoHiVM9V-Pe
[newonce-pt-1]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KT8PHRlnSxI
[ppw-vod]: https://ppw-ewenementpl.vhx.tv
[ewenement-logo]: https://www.facebook.com/photo/?fbid=2150678838439647&set=a.158941800946704
[ppw-globalnie]: https://www.instagram.com/ppw_global/
[ppw-ma-talent]: https://www.facebook.com/reel/865556049810905
