+++
title = "TBW 1"
template = "event_page.html"
[taxonomies]
chronology = ["tbw"]
[extra.gallery]
manifest = "@/e/tbw/2010-02-27-tbw-1-gallery.toml"
+++

This was the first of two events organized by [Total Blast Wrestling](@/o/tbw.md). It was held on Saturday, February 27, 2010, in Radom's Strefa G2 music club. While the card is all composed of Euroscene wrestlers, there was also a segment with Kamil Bazelak, then a MMA fighter for the KSW organization, where he claimed to join TBW and aim for their championship, yet to be unveiled.

Another Polish character was August, billed as a 215-cm tall giant.
However, August turned out to be a massive disappointment.
In a breakfast TV segment from February 2010, Supron and [Borkowski](@/w/pawel-borkowski.md) promote the upcoming event, with Vandamme and Cybernic Machine present at the table.
After a while, August joins them, and the other two wrestlers get into a heated word exchange, with Cybernic challenging Vandamme for the title he's carrying.
During this exchange, August was supposed to stand up and intervene, but only does so at Supron's command, which can be clearly heard over his microphone.
In his segment, August was only capable of executing basic wrestling moves and seemed to stumble around the ring. He did not appear for TBW again.

Much later, in 2024, during a pre-show interview on [PTW#6](@/e/ptw/2024-05-11-ptw-6.md), [Paweł Borkowski](@/w/pawel-borkowski.md) reminisced about August. He joked that August was to not contact him again until he became world champion.

{% card() %}
- [Damon Brix, Chris Colen]
- [Erik Isaksen, Heimo Ukonselkä, s: Falls Count Anywhere Match]
- [Bjørn Sem, Ivan Kiev, nc: No Contest]
- [Cybernic Machine, "Ahmed Chaer, Crazy Sexy Mike", s: Two On One Handicap Match]
- [Starbuck, '[Michael Kovac](@/w/michael-kovac.md)', s: Hardcore Match]
- - Bernard Vandamme(c)
  - Big Geert; Scott Rider
  - c: Eurostars European Heavyweight Championship
- - Cybernic Machine
  - Ahmed Chaer
  - Bjørn Sem
  - Chris Colen
  - Crazy Sexy Mike
  - Damon Brix
  - Erik Isaksen
  - Heimo Ukonselkä
  - Ivan Kiev
  - Mexx
  - '[Michael Kovac](@/w/michael-kovac.md)'
  - Scott Rider
  - Starbuck
  - s: 'Eurostars European Heavyweight Championship #1 Contender Rumble Match'
- credits:
    Commentary: 'Andrzej Supron, [Paweł Borkowski](@/w/pawel-borkowski.md)'
{% end %}

Attendance: about 300

The event was recorded, and the organizers offered to mail DVDs to interested fans.

### References

* [Cagematch event page](https://www.cagematch.net/?id=1&nr=48659)
* [STSport's article](https://stsport.pl/tbw-total-blast-wrestling-w-radomiu/)
* [Trailer video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1pd0wwxsAC0), using footage from Eurostars
* [Breakfast TV segment with Vandamme, Cybernic and August](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YHq0T_Ou438)

