+++
title = "DDW #9"
template = "event_page.html"
[extra]
venue = "pod-palma"
+++

This event was infamous for very low attendance, estimated to be about 15. This loss caused DDW to pause their events until almost a year later, and focus on training. After this event, Jędruś Bułecka and Straceniec would leave DDW to form [MZW](@/o/mzw.md).

{% card() %}
- [Kaszub, Luxus, {nc: "No Contest"}]
- [Piękny Kawaler, Robert Star]
- [Bianca, {s: "Battle Royal"}]
- [Klarys, Damian Dunne]
- ["Aurora, Pacjent", "Bianca, [Kamil Aleksander](@/w/kamil-aleksander.md)", {s: "Mixed
      Tag Team Match"}]
- ['[Jędruś Bułecka](@/w/jedrus-bulecka.md)', '[Straceniec](@/w/shadow.md)']
- [Don Roid, Mateusz Kowalski, s: "Don Roid Open Challenge"]
{% end %}

#### Summary

* Kaszub and Luxus attacked by Piękny Kawaler even before the fight.
* After their fight, Kawaler continued to beat Robert with a kendo stick. Several wrestlers, including Kamil Leśny intervened. Leśny also gets a brutal kendo stick treatment. Kawaler paints Leśny's face with the same symbols he wears.
* Bianca avoids elimination by hopping on one leg, waiting out successive eliminations and ringsides, then low-blows and throws out the prospective winner to claim victory.
* Damian Dunne seeking revenge for his brother Pete two years earlier. After the match, accepts Klarys' handshake and they raise arms together, only for Dunne to kick him in the softies.
* Pacjent knocks out Kamil with a kendo stick, then runs out chasing Pawłowski. Grabbing the opportunity, Aurora pins Kamil for the win.
* Janusz Wojnarowicz, multiple European judo champion, appears and shakes hands with Jędruś Bułecka who's his favourite wrestler.
* Don Roid with another of his challenges to find the new top guy of DDW. Fight spills out to ringside, Mateusz taps out to Donaconda.

### References

* [Announcement by sportowefakty](https://sportowefakty.wp.pl/wrestling/392984/gala-ddw-9-juz-25-pazdziernika)
* [Cagematch event page](https://www.cagematch.net/?id=1&nr=102902)
* [Photo Gallery by nowiny24](https://nowiny24.pl/wrestling-gala-w-rzeszowie-pelna-ciekawych-starc-zdjecia/ar/6202009)
* [Coverage by TightWrestling](http://tightwrestling.blogspot.com/2013/11/do-or-die-wrestling-9-raport.html)
