content/e/mzw/2020-01-18-mzw-project-7-golden-road.md, before:

+++
title = "MZW Project 7: Golden Road"
template = "event_page.html"
[taxonomies]
chronology = ["mzw"]
venue = ["bakara"]
[extra]
city = "Wrocław"
toclevel = 2
[extra.gallery.1]
path = "2020-01-18-mzw-project-7-golden-road-plakat.jpg"
caption = "Official poster, featuring [Shadow](@/w/shadow.md) and [Zeritus](@/w/zeritus.md)."
source = "Official MZW Facebook"
+++

## Card

{% card() %}
- - '[Madman Charlie](@/w/madman-charlie.md)'
  - '[Aron Wake](@/w/aron-wake.md)'
- - '[Matt Buckna](@/w/matt-buckna.md)'
  - '[Alex Arthur](@/w/alex-arthur.md)'
- - '[Rick Baxxter](@/w/rick-baxxter.md)'
  - '[Lady Killer](@/w/boro.md)'
- - '[Ring Rat](@/w/sedzia-seweryn.md)'
  - 'Anatolii'
  - '[Krueger](@/w/olgierd.md)'
  - '[Hexia](@/w/hexia.md)'
  - g: Ring Rat's promo explaining why he doesn't have a match. 
    n: Exact place on the card uncertain.
- - '[Rafael Kid](@/w/rafael-kid.md)'
  - '[Shadow](@/w/shadow.md)'
- - '[Zeritus](@/w/zeritus.md)'
  - '[Justin Joy](@/w/justin-joy.md)'
- - '[Axel Fox](@/w/axel-fox.md)'
  - '[Nathan Cross](@/w/gabriel-queen.md)'
- - '[Jacob Crane](@/w/jacob-crane.md)'
  - 'Fast Time Moodo'
- credits:
    Host, Ring Announcer: '[Mateusz Czarnecki](@/w/mateusz-czarnecki.md)'
    Referees: '[Sędzia Michał](@/w/sedzia-michal.md), [Sędzia Tobias](@/w/sedzia-tobias.md)'
{% end %}

### Recap

* Ring Rat's promo was interrupted by Anatolii, giving him a Big Boot. Anatolii was then attacked by Krueger, who in turn was chokeslammed by Hexia.
* This was Hexia's final in-ring appearance.

## References

* [Cagematch event page](https://www.cagematch.net/?id=1&nr=252578)

Commit message:

Brakujące grafiki/linki MZW (#2131)
* Champions War II - linki do YT/FB

Démon za:
https://www.facebook.com/ManiacZoneWrestling/posts/pfbid02mqxUZq6tJyqBiVbAZRV9SeHNRGLqYg4ecWAD4Kr7giyTEcrNGiNffbtFXRttnkekl

+Link u Tomasza Warchoła

Na grafice jest "Talents'", ale w poście z wynikami już "Talent's" - w karcie daję zatem to drugie, ale w podpisie grafiki zostawiam to pierwsze.

* Kontuzja Rothschilda

* Big Rumble - Chris Anthony w galerii

* Apollo Anderson, Lady Killer

* Prince Victor

* Eddie Rage

content/e/mzw/2020-01-18-mzw-project-7-golden-road.md, after:

+++
title = "MZW Project 7: Golden Road"
template = "event_page.html"
[taxonomies]
chronology = ["mzw"]
venue = ["bakara"]
[extra]
city = "Wrocław"
toclevel = 2
[extra.gallery]
+++

## Card

{% card() %}
- - '[Madman Charlie](@/w/madman-charlie.md)'
  - '[Aron Wake](@/w/aron-wake.md)'
- - '[Matt Buckna](@/w/matt-buckna.md)'
  - '[Alex Arthur](@/w/alex-arthur.md)'
- - '[Rick Baxxter](@/w/rick-baxxter.md)'
  - '[Lady Killer](@/w/boro.md)'
- - '[Ring Rat](@/w/sedzia-seweryn.md)'
  - 'Anatolii'
  - '[Krueger](@/w/olgierd.md)'
  - '[Hexia](@/w/hexia.md)'
  - g: Ring Rat's promo explaining why he doesn't have a match. 
    n: Exact place on the card uncertain.
- - '[Rafael Kid](@/w/rafael-kid.md)'
  - '[Shadow](@/w/shadow.md)'
- - '[Zeritus](@/w/zeritus.md)'
  - '[Justin Joy](@/w/justin-joy.md)'
- - '[Axel Fox](@/w/axel-fox.md)'
  - '[Nathan Cross](@/w/gabriel-queen.md)'
- - '[Jacob Crane](@/w/jacob-crane.md)'
  - 'Fast Time Moodo'
- credits:
    Host, Ring Announcer: '[Mateusz Czarnecki](@/w/mateusz-czarnecki.md)'
    Referees: '[Sędzia Michał](@/w/sedzia-michal.md), [Sędzia Tobias](@/w/sedzia-tobias.md)'
{% end %}

### Recap

* [Damien Rothschild](@/w/damien-rothschild.md) had to sit out the show due to an injury, leading to a minor change in the card. Alex Arthur, initially booked for a Three-Way Match against Rick Baxxter and Lady Killer, replaced Rothschild in the match against Matt Buckna.
* Ring Rat's promo was interrupted by Anatolii, giving him a Big Boot. Anatolii was then attacked by Krueger, who in turn was chokeslammed by Hexia.
* This was Hexia's final in-ring appearance.

## References

* [Cagematch event page](https://www.cagematch.net/?id=1&nr=252578)
