content/e/mzw/2021-08-14-mzw-project-8-golden-road-finals.md, before:

+++
title = "MZW Project 8: Golden Road Finals"
template = "event_page.html"
[taxonomies]
chronology = ["mzw"]
venue = ["czasoprzestrzen"]
[extra]
city = "Wrocław"
toclevel = 2
[extra.gallery.1]
path = "2021-08-14-mzw-project-8-golden-road-finals-plakat.jpg"
caption = "Official poster. Pictured top to bottom, left: [Rafael Kid](@/w/rafael-kid.md), [Madman Charlie](@/w/madman-charlie.md), [Jacob Crane](@/w/jacob-crane.md); right: [Matt Buckna](@/w/matt-buckna.md), [Axel Fox](@/w/axel-fox.md), [Zeritus](@/w/zeritus.md)."
source = "Official MZW Facebook"
+++

## Card

{% card() %}
- - '[Rafael Kid](@/w/rafael-kid.md)'
  - '[Matt Buckna](@/w/matt-buckna.md)'
  - s: 'MZW Championship Tournament Semi Final Match'
- - '[Aron Wake](@/w/aron-wake.md)'
  - Nick Schreier
  - s: 'MZW Championship Tournament Semi Final Match'
- - '[Deti Black](@/w/dieter-schwartz.md)'
  - '[Isnorr](@/w/isnorr.md)'
  - '[Krueger](@/w/olgierd.md)'
  - s: Three Way Match
- - '[Shadow](@/w/shadow.md)'
  - '[Prince Victor](@/w/vic-golden.md)'
  - s: No Disqualification Match
- - Garett Noah
  - Chris Tyson
- -  'Michael Payne'
  -  '[Prince Striker](@/w/royal-striker.md)'
  -  'Lio Zayde'
  -  '[Chris X](@/w/chris-x.md)'
  -  '???'
  -  s: 'Seven Man Rookies Battle Royal'
- - '[Rafael Kid](@/w/rafael-kid.md)'
  - '[Aron Wake](@/w/aron-wake.md)'
  - c: '[MZW Championship](@/c/mzw-championship.md)'
    s: Tournament Final Match
- credits:
    Ring Announcer: '[Mateusz Czarnecki](@/w/mateusz-czarnecki.md)'
    Referees: '[Sędzia Michał](@/w/sedzia-michal.md), [Sędzia Seweryn](@/w/sedzia-seweryn.md)'
{% end %}

## References

* [Cagematch event page](https://www.cagematch.net/?id=1&nr=322479)

Commit message:

Brakujące grafiki/linki MZW (#2131)
* Champions War II - linki do YT/FB

Démon za:
https://www.facebook.com/ManiacZoneWrestling/posts/pfbid02mqxUZq6tJyqBiVbAZRV9SeHNRGLqYg4ecWAD4Kr7giyTEcrNGiNffbtFXRttnkekl

+Link u Tomasza Warchoła

Na grafice jest "Talents'", ale w poście z wynikami już "Talent's" - w karcie daję zatem to drugie, ale w podpisie grafiki zostawiam to pierwsze.

* Kontuzja Rothschilda

* Big Rumble - Chris Anthony w galerii

* Apollo Anderson, Lady Killer

* Prince Victor

* Eddie Rage

content/e/mzw/2021-08-14-mzw-project-8-golden-road-finals.md, after:

+++
title = "MZW Project 8: Golden Road Finals"
template = "event_page.html"
[taxonomies]
chronology = ["mzw"]
venue = ["czasoprzestrzen"]
[extra]
city = "Wrocław"
toclevel = 2
[extra.gallery]
+++

MZW Project 8 was announced on 29.02.2020, set to take place on 25.04.2020. A few matches were announced in the following days, but on 7.04.2020 the COVID-19 restrictions forced MZW to postpone the event indefinitely. The [Project Basement](@/e/project-basement.md) web series ran from March to July 2021 to keep the fans engaged during lockdown, and on 4.07.2021 Project 8 was announced again.

## Card

{% card() %}
- - '[Rafael Kid](@/w/rafael-kid.md)'
  - '[Matt Buckna](@/w/matt-buckna.md)'
  - s: 'MZW Championship Tournament Semi Final Match'
- - '[Aron Wake](@/w/aron-wake.md)'
  - Nick Schreier
  - s: 'MZW Championship Tournament Semi Final Match'
- - '[Deti Black](@/w/dieter-schwartz.md)'
  - '[Isnorr](@/w/isnorr.md)'
  - '[Krueger](@/w/olgierd.md)'
  - s: Three Way Match
- - '[Shadow](@/w/shadow.md)'
  - '[Prince Victor](@/w/vic-golden.md)'
  - s: No Disqualification Match
- - Garett Noah
  - Chris Tyson
- -  '_rookie_ Michael Payne'
  -  '[_rookie_ Prince Striker](@/w/royal-striker.md)'
  -  '_rookie_ Lio Zayde'
  -  '[_rookie_ Chris X](@/w/chris-x.md)'
  -  '[_rookie_ Rafi Rarytas](@/w/rafi.md)'
  -  '???'
  -  '???'
  -  s: 'Seven Man Rookies Battle Royal'
- - '[Rafael Kid](@/w/rafael-kid.md)'
  - '[Aron Wake](@/w/aron-wake.md)'
  - c: '[MZW Championship](@/c/mzw-championship.md)'
    s: Tournament Final Match
- credits:
    Ring Announcer: '[Mateusz Czarnecki](@/w/mateusz-czarnecki.md)'
    Referees: '[Sędzia Michał](@/w/sedzia-michal.md), [Sędzia Seweryn](@/w/sedzia-seweryn.md)'
{% end %}

### Highlights

* [Konrad von Koch](@/w/konrad-von-koch.md), who hosted the Project Basement series, intervened in the tournament. He ejected [Madman Charlie](@/w/madman-charlie.md) from the second match and replaced him with Aron Wake, the winner of Project Basement. As a result, the planned Four Way Match (Wake vs Krueger vs Isnorr vs Black) became a Three Way Match.

## References

* [Cagematch event page](https://www.cagematch.net/?id=1&nr=322479)
