content/e/mzw/2026-03-28-mzw-no-time-to-die-2.md, before:

+++
title = "MZW No Time to Die 2"
template = "event_page.html"
authors = ["M3n747"]
[taxonomies]
chronology = ["mzw"]
venue = ["stacja-miedzyrzecka"]
[extra]
city = "Wrocław"
toclevel = 2
has_video = false
[extra.gallery]
+++

No Time to Die 2 is an upcoming show by [Maniac Zone Wrestling](@/o/mzw.md), and an apparent follow-up to [a show from 2024](@/e/mzw/2024-10-12-mzw-no-time-to-die.md). It is set to take place in a new venue, {{ map_pin(v="Stacja Międzyrzecka") }}Stacja Międzyrzecka.

## Build-up

* The first match was announced on 17.02.2026: [Shadow](@/w/shadow.md) & [Marcelito](@/w/marcelito.md) vs [Marco Hammers](@/w/marco-hammers.md) & [Olgierd](@/w/olgierd.md).

## Predicted card

{% card(predicted=true) %}
- - '[Shadow](@/w/shadow.md) & [Marcelito](@/w/marcelito.md)'
  - '[Legia Łysych](@/tt/legia-lysych.md): [Marco Hammers](@/w/marco-hammers.md) & [Olgierd](@/w/olgierd.md)'
  - s: Tag Team match
    nc: upcoming
- credits:
    Referee: '[Sędzia Seweryn](@/w/sedzia-seweryn.md), [Sędzia Karol Górski](@/w/madman-charlie.md)'
    Ring announcer: '[Adrian Zgórski](@/w/adrian-zgorski.md)'
{% end %}

### Recap

* TBD

## References

* [Announcement post](https://www.facebook.com/ManiacZoneWrestling/posts/pfbid0tqijabZm9aLC5x9JuvpEMHa4e7rUjPFKJKMRph6NnTJ3k3xw9XSwR1bfVv4ERPv7l) on MZW's official Facebook page.

Commit message:

Fox vs Speed o pas Legacy

content/e/mzw/2026-03-28-mzw-no-time-to-die-2.md, after:

+++
title = "MZW No Time to Die 2"
template = "event_page.html"
authors = ["M3n747"]
[taxonomies]
chronology = ["mzw"]
venue = ["stacja-miedzyrzecka"]
[extra]
city = "Wrocław"
toclevel = 2
has_video = false
[extra.gallery]
+++

No Time to Die 2 is an upcoming show by [Maniac Zone Wrestling](@/o/mzw.md), and an apparent follow-up to [a show from 2024](@/e/mzw/2024-10-12-mzw-no-time-to-die.md). It is set to take place in a new venue, {{ map_pin(v="Stacja Międzyrzecka") }}Stacja Międzyrzecka.

## Build-up

* The first match was announced on 17.02.2026: [Shadow](@/w/shadow.md) & [Marcelito](@/w/marcelito.md) vs [Marco Hammers](@/w/marco-hammers.md) & [Olgierd](@/w/olgierd.md).
* 23.02.2026 saw the announcement of [Jakub](@/w/axel-fox.md) vs [Max Speed](@/w/max-speed.md) for the [Legacy of Wrestling European Championship](@/c/low-european-championship.md). This marks the first defence of the Legacy title.

## Predicted card

{% card(predicted=true) %}
- - '[Shadow](@/w/shadow.md) & [Marcelito](@/w/marcelito.md)'
  - '[Legia Łysych](@/tt/legia-lysych.md): [Marco Hammers](@/w/marco-hammers.md) & [Olgierd](@/w/olgierd.md)'
  - s: Tag Team match
    nc: upcoming
- - "'Fox' [Jakub](@/w/axel-fox.md)(c)"
  - '[Max Speed](@/w/max-speed.md)'
  - c: '[Legacy of Wrestling European Championship](@/c/low-european-championship.md)'
    nc: upcoming
- credits:
    Referee: '[Sędzia Seweryn](@/w/sedzia-seweryn.md), [Sędzia Karol Górski](@/w/madman-charlie.md)'
    Ring announcer: '[Adrian Zgórski](@/w/adrian-zgorski.md)'
{% end %}

### Recap

* TBD

## References

* [Announcement post](https://www.facebook.com/ManiacZoneWrestling/posts/pfbid0tqijabZm9aLC5x9JuvpEMHa4e7rUjPFKJKMRph6NnTJ3k3xw9XSwR1bfVv4ERPv7l) on MZW's official Facebook page.
