+++
title = "DDW #9"
template = "event_page.html"
authors = ["Krzysztof Zych", "M3n747"]
[taxonomies]
chronology = ["ddw"]
venue = ["pod-palma"]
[extra]
city = "Rzeszów"
toclevel = 2
has_video = false
[extra.gallery]
manifest = "@/e/ddw/2013-10-25-ddw-9-gallery.toml"
+++

This event was infamous for very low attendance: only around 20 people came to see the show. This failure to attract fans caused DDW to suspend their events for almost a year and to focus on training. Following this event, [Jędruś Bułecka](@/w/jedrus-bulecka.md) and [Straceniec](@/w/shadow.md) would leave DDW to form [MZW](@/o/mzw.md).

## Card

{% card() %}
- - '[Kaszub](@/w/kaszub.md)'
  - '[Luxus](@/w/luxus.md)'
  - nc: 'No Contest'
- - '[Piękny Kawaler](@/w/piekny-kawaler.md)'
  - '[Robert Star](@/w/robert-star.md)'
- - '[Bianca](@/w/bianca.md)'
  - '[Kaszub](@/w/kaszub.md)'
  - '[Mateusz Kowalski](@/w/mateusz-kakareko.md)'
  - '[Aurora](@/w/kasandra.md)'
  - '[Straceniec](@/w/shadow.md)'
  - '[_rookie_ Greg](@/w/greg.md)'
  - '[_rookie_ Justin Joy](@/w/justin-joy.md)'
  - '[Luxus](@/w/luxus.md)'
  - '[_rookie_ Gracjan Korpo](@/w/gracjan-korpo.md)'
  - s: '9-Man Battle Royal'
- - '[Klarys](@/w/klarys.md)'
  - 'Damian Dunne'
  - r: Submission
- - '[Aurora](@/w/kasandra.md) & Pacjent'
  - '[Bianca](@/w/bianca.md) & [Kamil Aleksander](@/w/kamil-aleksander.md)'
  - s: 'Mixed Tag Team Match'
- - '[Jędruś Bułecka](@/w/jedrus-bulecka.md)'
  - 'Janusz Wojnarowicz'
  - g: 'Jędruś introduces Janusz, the two shake hands.'
- - '[Jędruś Bułecka](@/w/jedrus-bulecka.md)'
  - '[Straceniec](@/w/shadow.md)'
- - '[Don Roid](@/w/don-roid.md)'
  - '[Mateusz Kowalski](@/w/mateusz-kakareko.md)'
  - s: "Don Roid's Open Challenge"
    r: Submission
- credits:
    Referee: '???'
    Ring announcer: '[Krystian Czekaj](@/w/krystian-czekaj.md)'
{% end %}

Attendance: estimated ca. 20

### Recap

* The audience was completely silent during the first match. The following matches were only marginally better, with the crowd being the liveliest during [Jędruś Bułecka](@/w/jedrus-bulecka.md) vs [Straceniec](@/w/shadow.md).
* [Kaszub](@/w/kaszub.md) and [Luxus](@/w/luxus.md) were attacked by [Piękny Kawaler](@/w/piekny-kawaler.md) early in their fight.
* After choking [Robert Star](@/w/robert-star.md) in the corner, Piękny Kawaler explained himself by saying "Mr Referee, he wanted to grab my cock" (_Panie sędzio, chciał mnie złapać za fiuta_).
* Kawaler entangled Robert's arms in the ring ropes and proceeded to beat him with a kendo stick. Several wrestlers intervened, only to receive the business end of the stick themselves.
* Kamil Leśny came out to the ring to free Robert Star. Kawaler told Leśny to join him and when Kamil refused, he got the same brutal treatment as the others. Having beaten Leśny with the kendo stick, Kawaler painted his face with the same symbols he wears and poured some mineral water from a bottle on his face, baptising Leśny "in the name of love" and forecully making him his student.
* The multi-man match was captioned on-screen as Royal Rumble, although it followed the standard rules of a Battle Royal, with all participants already inside the ring at the start of the match.
* [Bianca](@/w/bianca.md) avoided elimination by hopping on one leg, and waiting  at ringside. Then she hit a low-blow on the prospective winner, to immediately throw him out and claim victory.
* Damian Dunne sought revenge for his brother Pete [two years earlier](@/e/ddw/2012-03-09-ddw-6.md). After the match, he accepted [Klarys's](@/w/klarys.md) handshake and both men raised their arms together, only for Dunne to deliver a kick to his opponent's privates.
* Pacjent (_The Patient_) fought wearing socks and hospital pyjamas.
* Aurora delivered a Stink Face to Bianca, prompting [Arkadiusz Pawłowski](@/w/pan-pawlowski.md) to exclaim "No kissing tonight!" (_Dzisiaj się nie całujemy!_).
* Pawłowski interfered in the match by grabbing Aurora's leg as she was bouncing from the ropes, causing her to fall flat on her face and leaving her open to Bianca's attack. Later on, as the referee wasn't looking, he grabbed her hair and threw her to the ring.
* While Pawłowski distracted the referee, Pacjent knocked out Kamil with a kendo stick and then ran out chasing Pawłowski. Grabbing the opportunity, [Aurora](@/w/kasandra.md) pinned Kamil for the win.
* [Janusz Wojnarowicz][wojnarowicz], multiple time European judo champion, made a guest appearance and shook hands with [Jędruś Bułecka](@/w/jedrus-bulecka.md) who's his favourite wrestler.
* At the start of their match, Jędruś grabbed [Straceniec](@/w/shadow.md) by the sides of his head, moving the corners of his mouth up with his thumbs in a mock smile, saying "That's better!" Seconds later, the still sombre-looking Straceniec slapped him across the face.
* [Don Roid](@/w/don-roid.md) appeared with another of his challenges to find the new top guy in DDW. [Mateusz Kowalski](@/w/mateusz-kakareko.md) answered and faced Roid in the ring.
* As the fight spilled out to ringside, Roid seemingly hit the camera operator with Kowalski.
* As Roid set Kowalski up on a turnbuckle, the crowd started chanting for a Superplex. Don Roid obliged.
* Mateusz tapped out to the Donaconda.
* Afterwards, Don Roid reportedly declared he was done with wrestling in Rzeszów. This would prove true, as after two more shows DDW relocated to Gdańsk.

## References

* [Cagematch event page](https://www.cagematch.net/?id=1&nr=102902)
* [Announcement by sportowefakty](https://sportowefakty.wp.pl/wrestling/392984/gala-ddw-9-juz-25-pazdziernika)
* [Photo gallery by nowiny24](https://nowiny24.pl/wrestling-gala-w-rzeszowie-pelna-ciekawych-starc-zdjecia/ar/6202009)
* [Coverage by TightWrestling](https://tightwrestling.blogspot.com/2013/11/do-or-die-wrestling-9-raport.html)

[wojnarowicz]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Janusz_Wojnarowicz
